USS Kanawha (AOG-31) was a T1-M-A2 Mettawee-class gasoline tanker acquired by the U.S. Navy for the dangerous task of transporting gasoline to warships in the fleet, and to remote Navy stations.
The fourth ship to be named Kanawha by the Navy, AOG-31 was laid down 30 August 1944 by the East Coast Shipyard, Inc., Bayonne, New Jersey, under a Maritime Commission contract; launched 18 October 1944; sponsored by Mrs. May T. Norton; transferred to the Navy 13 November; and commissioned 23 November 1944, Lt. C. J. Byrne, USCGR, in command.
Following shakedown in Chesapeake Bay, Kanawha cleared Norfolk, Virginia, 15 January 1945 to load oil at Aruba, Netherlands West Indies, and arrived San Pedro, California, 13 February.
She arrived Pearl Harbor 20 March and departed 6 April with a cargo of lube oil, arriving Eniwetok 2 weeks later. Kanawha continued fueling services in the Marshalls and Marianas until she departed Ulithi 7 June with a cargo of lube oil for the Philippines and arrived Leyte 11 June. The tanker operated in the Philippines for the rest of the war and began similar duties at Okinawa 6 October.
Kanawha sailed for America 14 November and arrived Mare Island, California, 14 December via Pearl Harbor. She decommissioned 23 March 1946 and was transferred to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) August 1946. She entered the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California, 4 September. She was sold for scrapping 2 March 1964.  Final disposition: scrapped, 1964.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.
McCully is a variation of McCulloch, a common surname of Scottish origin.  McCully may refer to the following people:
Jonathan McCully (1809-1877), one of the Fathers of Canadian Confederation, senator and Nova Scotia Supreme Court judge
Justin McCully (born 1976), American retired professional mixed martial artist and professional wrestler
Kilmer S. McCully, Chief of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine Services for the United States Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
Lawrence McCully (1831-1892), a Justice of the Hawaii Supreme Court and Speaker of the Hawaii House of Representatives
He spent most of his 15-year professional career with Borussia Mönchengladbach, amassing Bundesliga totals of 303 games and 94 goals over the course of 12 seasons.
Born in Neuss, North Rhine-Westphalia, Criens signed with Borussia Mönchengladbach in 1980 from his local club. He only appeared in three Bundesliga games in his first three seasons combined, his debut coming on 4 December 1982 in a 0–3 away loss against 1. FC Kaiserslautern after having come on as a late substitute for Kurt Pinkall; additionally, also from the bench, he appeared in the 1984 final of the DFB-Pokal, coming in for Uwe Rahn and converting his attempt in the shootout, a 6–7 loss against FC Bayern Munich.
Over the following seven campaigns Criens was as essential offensive fixture, initially forming an attacking trio with Rahn and Frank Mill and going on to score in double digits in six of those. Gladbach achieved three consecutive top-four finishes in the league and also reached the semifinals in the 1987 UEFA Cup, with him being club top scorer from 1988–92 in spite of missing most of the latter season due to injury; he captained the side to another domestic cup final in 1992, but it ended in the same fashion, now against Hannover 96.
By the 1993–94 season Criens had fallen down the attacker pecking order, behind Martin Dahlin, Heiko Herrlich and Martin Max, and in October 1993, the 33-year-old signed for 1. FC Nürnberg, suffering team relegation and then playing his last year as a professional in the second division. At the time of his retirement his 92 goals put him third in his main club's all-time scorers list, behind Jupp Heynckes and Herbert Laumen.
William Forester (1690 – 12 November 1758), of Dothill in Wellington, Shropshire was an English landowner and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons in three Parliaments between 1715 and 1758.
Forester was the son of Sir William Forester of Dothill Park, Shropshire and his wife Lady Margaret Cecil, daughter of James Cecil, 3rd Earl of Salisbury. He married Catherine Brooke, the daughter and heiress of William Brooke of Clerkenwell in 1714. The family had a significant political interest at Wenlock and members of the family represented the borough in Parliament of=ve several centuries. Foresteer inherited the interest on the death of his father in 1718.
At the 1715 general election, Forester was returned unopposed as Whig Member of Parliament for Wenlock in succession to his father. He voted with the Government on all recorded occasions. During the crisis of the South Sea Bubble, he was found to have been credited with £1,000 stock, but could show that he had paid for it. He did not stand at the 
1722 general election, nor in 1727 when he returned his brother-in-law John Sambrooke. He was returned unopposed for Wenlock at the 1734 general election and voted consistently with the administration except when he abstained on the Spanish convention in 1739. He brought in his son Brooke in 1739 and did not stand at the 1741 general election when he returned his son-in-law instead.Forester was returned unopposed again at the 1754 general election, but does not appear to have spoken or voted in that Parliament.
During his ownership of Dothill Park, Forester considerably enhanced the gardens. He died on 12 November 1758. He and his wife had four children: 
Martha who married F. T. BlitheAfter Forester's death, the Dothill gardens reverted to grass and the estate went to ruin. The house was demolished in 1960 and the park built upon.
The La Junta Subdivision is a railway line owned, maintained and operated by the BNSF Railway. The line stretches for 395 miles across the south-central and southwestern parts of Kansas and the southeastern part of Colorado. The line branches off from the Emporia Subdivision at Ellinor, Kansas, and runs through Newton, Hutchinson, Dodge City and Garden City, all within the state of Kansas. The line connects with Boise City Subdivision at Las Animas Junction in Las Animas, Colorado, which connects it further to La Junta, Colorado.
The line is mostly single track, with short segments of double track at Newton and Dodge City. The line is dispatched from the BNSF control center located in Fort Worth, Texas. The methods of control are Centralized traffic control between Ellinor and CP 2206, and Track warrant control and automated block signal between CP 2206 and Las Animas Junction.
The Amtrak Southwest Chief passenger train uses the La Junta Subdivision on daily basis. About 6 to 7 trains pass in the western region of the La Junta Subdivision, mainly agricultural and mixed freight. Most traffic is routed over the Boise Subdivision. Other traffic in the eastern half of the line is mostly intermodal and busier traffic. Occasionally other trains are rerouted on the line as well.
The La Junta Subdivision connects with Union Pacific Railroad at Peabody, Newton and at Hutchinson, all three in Kansas.
There are connections with Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad at Newton and Hutchinson, as well as a discontinued connection at Kinsley, all three in Kansas. The line also connects with Garden City Western Railway in Garden City, Kansas.
The Union Pacific Railroad uses the La Junta Subdivision under trackage rights agreement between Ellinor and Control-Point (CP) 2206.
Thamnophis proximus, known commonly as the western ribbon snake, is a species of garter snake in the subfamily Natricinae of the family Colubridae. The species is endemic to the western United States, Mexico, and Central America. The species has several recognized subspecies.
T. proximus is a slender snake, with a very long tail, approximately one third of the total length. Dorsally, T. proximus is blackish, brown, or olive, with three light-colored stripes. Ventrally, it is greenish white or yellowish white. The upper labials are whitish and unmarked, contrasting with the dark top and sides of the head.Adults measure 17–50 in (43–127 cm) in total length (including tail).
Six subspecies of the western ribbon snake, T. proximus, are recognized as being valid, including the nominotypical subspecies.
T. p. rutiloris (Cope, 1885) – Mexican ribbon snakeNota bene: A trinomial authority in parentheses indicates that the subspecies was originally described in a genus other than Thamnophis.
Behler JL, King FW (1979). The Audubon Society Field Guide to North American Reptiles and Amphibians. New York: Alfred A. Knopf. 743 pp. ISBN 0-394-50824-6. (Thamnophis proximus, pp. 670-671 + Plates 531, 544).
Conant R (1975). A Field Guide to Reptiles and Amphibians of Eastern and Central North America, Second Edition. (Illustrated by Isabelle Hunt Conant). Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company. xviii + 429 pp. + Plates 1-48. ISBN 0-395-19979-4 (hardcover), ISBN 0-395-19977-8 (paperback). (Thamnophis proximus, pp. 165-166 + Plate 23 + Map 120).
Conant R, Bridges W (1939). What Snake Is That? A Field Guide to the Snakes of the United States East of the Rocky Mountains. (With 108 drawings by Edmond Malnate). New York and London: D. Appleton-Century Company. Frontispiece map + viii +163 pp. + Plates A-C, 1-32. (Thamnophis sauritus proximus, pp. 122-123 + Plate 23, figure 69A).
Powell R, Conant R, Collins JT (2016). Peterson Field Guide to Reptiles and Amphibians of Eastern and Central North America, Fourth Edition. Boston and New York: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. xiv + 494 pp., 47 Plates, 207 Figures. ISBN 978-0-544-12997-9. (Thamnophis proximus, pp. 428-429 + Plate 42).
Rossman DA (1963). "The Colubrid Snake Genus Thamnophis: A Revision of the sauritus Group". Bulletin of the Florida State Museum 7 (3): 99-178.
Say T (1823). In: James E (1823). Account of an Expedition from Pittsburgh to the Rocky Mountains, Performed in the Years 1819 and '20, by Order of the Hon. J.C. Calhoun, Sec'y of War: Under the Command of Major Stephen H. Long. From the Notes of Major Long, Mr. T. Say, and other Gentlemen of the Exploring Party. Vol. I. Philadelphia: H.C. Carey and I. Lea. 503 pp. (Coluber proximus, new species, p. 187).
Smith HM, Brodie ED Jr (1982). Reptiles of North America: A Guide to Field Identification. New York: Golden Press. 240 pp. ISBN 0-307-13666-3 (paperback), ISBN 0-307-47009-1 (hardcover). (Thamnophis proximus, pp. 146-147).
Commissioned on 18 November 1941 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Horst Kessler, U-704 carried out training operations as part of the 8th U-boat Flotilla until June 1942.
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-704 had a displacement of 769 tonnes (757 long tons) when at the surface and 871 tonnes (857 long tons) while submerged. She had a total length of 67.10 m (220 ft 2 in), a pressure hull length of 50.50 m (165 ft 8 in), a beam of 6.20 m (20 ft 4 in), a height of 9.60 m (31 ft 6 in), and a draught of 4.74 m (15 ft 7 in). The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of 2,800 to 3,200 metric horsepower (2,060 to 2,350 kW; 2,760 to 3,160 shp) for use while surfaced, two AEG GU 460/8–27 double-acting electric motors producing a total of 750 metric horsepower (550 kW; 740 shp) for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two 1.23 m (4 ft) propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to 230 metres (750 ft).The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 17.7 knots (32.8 km/h; 20.4 mph) and a maximum submerged speed of 7.6 knots (14.1 km/h; 8.7 mph). When submerged, the boat could operate for 80 nautical miles (150 km; 92 mi) at 4 knots (7.4 km/h; 4.6 mph); when surfaced, she could travel 8,500 nautical miles (15,700 km; 9,800 mi) at 10 knots (19 km/h; 12 mph). U-704 was fitted with five 53.3 cm (21 in) torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one 8.8 cm (3.46 in) SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and a 2 cm (0.79 in) C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
U-704 set out on its first patrol, a transit to its operational base at Saint-Nazaire on 30 June 1942. During this patrol, U-704 formed part of wolfpack "Wolf" which was to patrol between Iceland and Greenland, out of the range of allied air cover. On 26 July 1942, U-704 torpedoed the 6,942 GRT British freighter Empire Rainbow, part of convoy Convoy ON-113. Empire Rainbow had already been damaged by a torpedo from U-607, and U-704's torpedo sank the freighter.U-704 carried out a further four operational patrols under the command of Kessler from Saint Nazaire and La Pallice, sinking no further ships. U-704 did fire four torpedoes at the troopship Queen Elizabeth on 9 November 1942, with Kessler claiming a hit, although Queen Elizabeth was undamaged.
U-704 then served as a training submarine in the Baltic sea for the rest of the war, and was scuttled at Vegesack on 4 May 1945.
Helgason, Guðmundur. "The Type VIIC boat U-704". German U-boats of WWII - uboat.net. Retrieved 29 December 2014.
Friday Harbor High School  is a four-year public high school located in Friday Harbor, Washington, USA.  It is the only public high school on San Juan Island.  
Fred Woods has been the school's principal since 2007. The previous principals have included Patricia Scott, Marilyn Luckman and Ralph Hahn.  The school enrolls approximately 300 students annually.  Their school mascot is the wolverine, and their colors are purple and gold.
FHHS is a Gates High Tech High School since it received a grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation through the Connecting Schools and Communities (CSAC) project in Washington State. The grant is to ensure that more students leave high school ready for college, work, and civic contribution.
The school's team for the National Ocean Sciences Bowl has had success winning the Washington regional title known as the Orca Bowl in 2004, 2005, 2010, 2011 and 2012..  In 2004 they were second overall [1] in the national competition losing to Mission San Jose High School from Fremont, California. Their WASL (Washington Assessment of Student Learning) testing scores are consistently above the state's average. Students are now required to pass the WASL to graduate. Most students take the WASL in tenth grade, but it is an option to take it as a freshman.
Zara Cisco Brough (1919–1988), often spelled as Zara Ciscoe Brough, commonly referred to as Princess White Flower, served as the Chief of the Nipmuc Native Indian Tribe for 25 years from 1962 until 1987. She is best known for her work to preserve Nipmuc heritage, especially her letter of intention to petition for federal recognition of the Nipmuc as a legally distinct Native American people, which resulted in the Nipmuc being placed on "active consideration" for the status of Federally recognized tribe by 11 July 1995.
During her lifetime she worked as an electronics engineer, fashion designer, drafter, technical writer, and supervisor of government projects. She held the post of "State commissioner for Indian Affairs" from 1974 to 1984. On January 7, 1988, Brough died at a Westbro, Massachusetts nursing home from Parkinson's disease at the age of 68.In January 2009 a Department of Youth Services facility located at 288 Lyman Street in the town of Westborough was formally named as the Zara Cisco Brough "Princess White Flower" Facility through the House Bill 3231. It had previously been named thus in 2007 but the official act was passed in 2009.
Zara Cisco Brough was born in 1919 in New York City, New York. She was the daughter of Sarah Cisco Sullivan and the granddaughter of James Lemuel Cisco. Her ancestry is traced back to William of Sudbury (1596–1676) who was also known by the names Naaos, Naoas and Nataous. He served as a deacon in the native church at Hassanamesit which later came to be known as Grafton. According to the account by Richard W. Cogley in the New England Historical and Genealogical Register, William of Sudbury fathered four sons, one of whom was James the Printer (died 1712) who worked as a typesetter in Cambridge, Massachusetts and credited for his assistance in the Algonquin language Eliot Indian Bible, the first translation of the Bible into a native language. Sarah Cisco is descended from James the Painter.Brough was the daughter of Sarah Ciscoe Sullivan and Charles Brough. Brough's grandfather Chief James Lemeul Ciscoe, was officially entitled Chief of the Hassanamisco Nipmuc, and her great-grandfather Samuel C. Cisco was a Chief of the Narragansett people. Her mother, Sara Ciscoe Sullivan was also a Chief the Nipmuc nation.
Zara Cisco Brough spent her childhood at the Hassanamisco Indian reservation in Grafton, Massachusetts. According to her own account her interest in native Indian cultural heritage and history was sparked by her grandfather, who used to tell her about tribal traditions and rituals during her childhood. Brough received her primary education from the Grafton school system.
Brough attended engineering college in Washington D.C and went on to take special courses at the New York University, New York. She took up residence after completing her course and, working as a draftsperson, fashion designer, technical writer and supervisor of government projects. She also co-owned a textile printing company during her stay in Washington D.C.Brough served as a civilian consultant to the Army Air Corps during World War II. In recognition of her work the United States Air force awarded her the United States Air Force Award of Superior Performance.
In 1959 she left New York to return home to take care of her ageing mother. After her arrival, Brough accepted the job of vice president of the former Ibis Corporation located in Waltham, Massachusetts, which specialized in electronic and environmental consultation.
Having returned to her ancestral home she sought involvement in activist and political organizations.In the coming years she worked in defence of the Nipmuc nation from cultural and historical dissolution. Brough was named tribal Chief of the Nipmuc people in 1959.  In 1962 she founded the Hassanamisco Museum which was nicknamed "Memorial to the Eastern American Indian" to document and preserve Nipmuc heritage. The mission of the museum has now extended to include historical preservation of hundreds of other Native Indian tribes. The Hassanamisco Museum contains displays of artefacts, manuscripts, crafts, tribal specific legends and news clippings pertaining to the Indian tribes. She was also responsible for the acquisition of dredging rights to Lake Ripple on behalf the Nipmuc Nation.Brough also played a leading role in establishing the Massachusetts Commission on Indian Affairs, which was created in 1974 and officially recognized by the state of Massachusetts in 1976. Being a founding member of the commission, she was nominated for the position of Commissioner of Indian Affairs, a post which she held for 18 years from 1976 till 1984. During her tenure as the commissioner, she successfully lobbied to amend the charter of the Hassanamisco Foundation. According to the new amendments, federally recognized Nipmuc reservation lands will never leave Nipmuc hands even if the Cisco bloodline comes to an end. The Cisco Homestead was also later recognized as an endangered historic resource and came under federal protection in 2009. Brough was actively involved in the Council of New England Indians. She organized the Council and established the Nipmuc branch of the council.Brough served on the Grafton Planning Board and Central Massachusetts Planning Board, and was involved in a number of other organizations such as the Grafton Forest Association, the Framingham Historical Society, the National Geographic Society, the Natural History Museum of New York, Mendon Historical Society, National Congress of American Indians, Technical Writers and Publishers Society, Worcester Art Museum, the Board of Trustees of the Riverside, Old and Indian Cemeteries, Grafton Taxpayers Association and the Grafton Player's Club. In addition to her involvement with numerous committees she chaired the board of directors of the Hassanamisco Reservation Foundation Trust, which works to promote and ensure preservation of Nipmuc tribal lands and heritage.
In addition to her career as a consultant and position of leadership as Chief of the Nipmuc Nation, Zara Cisco Brough was a published writer. Brough, in her capacity as an electronics engineer, worked in collaboration with Vance Parker and Brent Haslam and published research detailing theoretical applications of "Pattern Ratio Technique" to arrays. The findings were published in a 1969 scholastic issue of Defense Technical Information Center.Her non-scientific published works include Native American poetry, retellings of the history of the Nipmuc nation and books of Nipmuc recipes. For her committed involvement with the community she was awarded the Camp-fire Girls Certificate of Appreciation of Outstanding Service in 1970.
She is well known for her work to preserve Nipmuc heritage. Her most renowned effort is a petition for Nipmucs to be granted the status of one of the Federally recognized tribes of the Native American peoples. This resulted in the Nipmuc being placed on "active consideration" for federal recognition by 11 July 1995. Although the tribe gained state recognition, they were denied federal recognition.In recognition of her efforts for the betterment of the community a Massachusetts Department of Youth Services Facility located at 288 Lyman Street, Westborough was formally named as the Zara Cisco Brough "Princess White Flower" Facility through the House Bill 3231 in 2009. It had previously been named thus in 2007 but the official act was passed in 2009.
Mills James is a creative media production company in Columbus, Cleveland and Cincinnati, Ohio that creates and produces broadcast programming and documentaries, corporate and institutional video and film projects, infomercials, television commercials, digital signage and corporate meetings and special events. Additional services include webcasts and webinars and digital distribution and transmission services.
Mills James has a staff of 180 people whose training and experience cover the creative, electronic and theatrical production disciplines.  They include producers, directors, writers, special events experts, set designers and builders, music composers, graphic artists and animators, video editors, audio engineers, and support personnel.  
The Columbus Teleproduction Center houses studios; editing, audio and visual effects suites; control and engineering centers; creative services; and administrative and business support functions.
In the Westbelt complex, nearby, is the operations center for the Mills James Experience Group [MJx], the meetings and events group - housing the company's inventory of lighting, audio, projection and AV equipment, as well as its logistical support staff, scene shop and transportation fleet.
Mills James' Cincinnati operation serves its corporate and advertising clients in the southwestern Ohio/northern Kentucky area with a staff of producers, event specialists, videographers, editors, graphics designers and technicians.
Mills James' Cleveland facilities are located in the historic Bradley Building in the Warehouse District downtown, and include studio, video editing and fiber optic digital transmission operations for broadcast programming and news feeds.
Mills James produces commercials, original television productions, documentaries, infomercials, news feeds, corporate videos, mobile apps and special events for companies and organizations including Victoria's Secret, The Ohio State University, Procter & Gamble, Nationwide Insurance, Fox News and Scotts Miracle-Gro Company.
Several Mills James half-hour television series are currently airing on TV stations around the country.  The Piano Guy with Scott Houston, a multiple Emmy Award-winning how-to program, airs nationally on public television, and Cash Explosion, the Ohio Lottery’s weekly game show, is broadcast Saturday evenings on a 12-station statewide network.  Mills James also telecasts The Ohio Lottery daily game drawings live from its Cleveland studio operation.
The Mills James film The Cartoonist, is a feature-length documentary about the life and work of Jeff Smith, creator of the graphic novel series, Bone.
Mills James practices what it terms 'the art and science of modern storytelling,' combining ideas and technology into designed messages for sales and marketing communications, brand management, investor relations, change management, employee communications and public relations.
Mills James began in May, 1984, when Ken Mills and Cameron James opened their office in the Canterbury building on Olentangy River Road, just north of The Ohio State University main campus.  With the addition of staff and equipment, they quickly outgrew the space.
In late 1985, Mills James bought its first building, the former Beechwold Public Library on North High Street. Extra space on the lower level was occupied by another fledgling company, Character Builders, a cel animation firm.
In 1988, Mills James acquired the audio and video facilities and staff of the production division of Discovery Systems, moving into Discovery's building off Post Road in Dublin.  This acquisition more than doubled the size of the firm. Shortly afterward, the company began searching for larger quarters, a location which would accommodate larger studios for film and video shoots, out of airplane flight paths to eliminate unwanted noise in the studios, and would offer room for expansion.
On May 1, 1990, the company’s sixth anniversary, Mills James broke ground for construction of the first phase of its present facility on Fishinger Boulevard, a 25,000-square-foot (2,300 m2) building on 3.3 acres (13,000 m2) in the Mill Run development.  The Teleproduction Center was completed in November 1990.
In 1992, Mills/James was named Ohio Small Business of the Year by the U.S. Small Business Administration, honored at ceremonies in Washington, D.C.  A year later, Ken Mills and Cameron James were recognized with Entrepreneur of the Year awards, sponsored by Ernst & Young.
By 1995, with over 50 associates on staff, Mills James had begun to outgrow its original building and began construction on a 22,000 square feet (2,000 m2) addition to the original building.  The new space included its signature two-story glass atrium, additional editing and visual effects suites, a presentation theater and a media vault.  The addition opened in December with a reception honoring radio and television veterans of the 1950s and '60s. In 2003, Mills James became the home for production of The Ohio Lottery's Cash Explosion weekly television game show, which had been produced in Cleveland since the program's inception.In 2005, Mills James purchased a 20,000-square-foot (1,900 m2) building on 2.5 acres (10,000 m2) in the Westbelt complex off Roberts Road, west of I-270, to house the technical facilities of its meetings and events group.  In 2006, a building expansion enclosed the loading docks and added space for a scene shop and set storage.
In 2007, the company announced the formation of its Employee Stock Option Plan [ESOP] which would transfer partial ownership of the firm to its associates.In February, 2010, Mills James expanded its Cincinnati operation to better serve its clients in the tri-state region (southwestern Ohio, southeastern Indiana and northern Kentucky.)  The firm added staff and facilities to offer more video, broadcast, audio and corporate meeting and special event services.
In 2011, Mills James undertook a year-long expansion and upgrade of its teleproduction facilities including construction of a third studio and two additional editing suites as well as upgrades to its video transmission, compression and live event capabilities. Later in the year, Mills James expanded its digital signage services with the launch of VitalSigns, a digital signage solution that combines hardware, message creation, content managagment and long term support into a single service.In 2013, Mills James opened its Cleveland operation, with studio, video editing and digital fiber optic video transmission facilities designed for broadcast programming and news feeds.  It is home to The Ohio Lottery's daily drawings broadcasts, which are carried by a statewide network of television stations.Today, Mills James is 100% employee-owned, managed by a board of directors.
Clelandina is an extinct genus of rubidgeine gorgonopsian from the Late Permian of Africa. It was first named by Broom in 1948. The type and only species is C. rubidgei. It is relatively rare, with only four known specimens.
Clelandina rubidgei has an extraordinarily small sclerotic ring relative to the size of its orbit, which implies that it was diurnal. It is the only rubidgeine with a preserved sclerotic ring, so it is unknown whether this trait was shared by other members of the subfamily. Like all rubidgeines, it was relatively large, with a skull up to 36 cm long. It had reduced dentition, with the teeth posterior to the canines being absent and replaced with a bony ridge. The skull has heavily pachyostosed, with massive rugose bosses.
Clelandina shares many characteristics with Rubidgea and Dinogorgon, which has led some authors to synonymize them. All three are now considered to be part of the same tribe, Rubidgeini, rather than the same genus.
The Origin and Evolution of Mammals by Tom Kemp. Published 2005, Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-850761-5
"Mi Gna" (Armenian: Մի Գնա, "Don't Go") is a song in Armenian and English by the Armenian American DJ Super Sako (Sarkis Balasanyan) and features vocals by the Armenian rabiz singer Spitaktsi Hayko (Hayk Ghevondyan). 
"Mi Gna" was written by Artak Aramyan with added English lyrics by Sarkis Balasanyan (Super Sako) and appeared in Super Sako's 2016 album Love Crimes. The song was uploaded to YouTube on August 17, 2016. And without even the release of any official music video for the song,  it became a huge hit in Armenia, the Armenian diaspora, Turkey, the Arab countries, and elsewhere worldwide. The video attracted 50 million views by June 2017, making it the most viewed song on YouTube by Armenian artists, not including songs by Armenian-American band System of a Down. The video has garnered more than 181 million views as of February 2019.
Notable artists who have covered the song include French rapper Maître Gims in a trilingual Armenian, French and English version titled "Mi Gna (Maître Gims Remix)". This version included additional French-language lyrics by Maître Gims and Araik Mouradian and was produced by Gims and MG Mouradian. The remix was released on 19 January 2018 in France. The release was  accompanied by an official music video filmed in New York and Directed By Adam Nael. The video with Maître Gims version attracted 184 million views as of February 2019. 
In its first week of release in France on Chahawat / B1 labels and distributed by Sony Music, "Mi Gna (Maître Gims Remix)" entered the French Singles Chart at number 7, peaking eventually at number 4. It also reached #14 on the SNEP Telecharged Singles chart and #35 on SNEP "Top Singles - Streaming" chart. In Belgium, where the single is released by Play Two and distributed by Warner Music, it reached number 38 in the Belgian Ultratop Wallonia chart. and peaked at number 8 on Belgian Wallonia Urban Top 50 Chart. The single also charted in the Swiss Hitparade, entering at number 74."Mi Gna" was included in Maître Gims' 2018 album Ceinture noire that made it to the number one position on the French SNEP Albums chart, on the Swiss Hitparade Albums chart and on the Ultratop Belgian (Wallonia) Albums chart.
Armenian singer Agas released an adaptation "Nazani, Mi Gna, Sirun Kuku" sampling heavily from the song.
"Mi Gna" has also been subject to many remixes, samplings and adaptations notably by DJ Pantelis (Greece).
Nicholas James Adenhart (August 24, 1986 – April 9, 2009) was an American right-handed baseball starting pitcher who played two seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. In four career games, Adenhart pitched 18 innings and posted a win-loss record of 1–0, with nine strikeouts and a 6.00 earned run average (ERA).
A graduate of Williamsport High School, Adenhart was highly touted as a high school prospect until an injury in his final game required Tommy John surgery. He was drafted by the Angels in the 14th round of the 2004 Major League Baseball draft, and began playing in their minor league system after the surgery was a success. He spent three full seasons in the minor leagues before making his major league debut on May 1, 2008. After appearing in three games, Adenhart spent the rest of 2008 in the minor leagues developing his skills, and in 2009 he earned a spot in the Angels' starting rotation.
Just after pitching his first start of 2009, Adenhart was killed in a collision with a drunk driver. Both the Angels and the Salt Lake Bees, for whom Adenhart played in 2008, suspended their next games. There were many tributes to him over the course of the season, including his former teammates celebrating with him by spraying champagne and beer on one of his jerseys after they clinched the 2009 American League West division championship.
Nicholas James Adenhart was born in Silver Spring, Maryland, the only son of Janet and Jim Adenhart, a former United States Secret Service officer. His parents divorced and Janet later remarried Duane Gigeous, with whom she had a son named Henry, who is a pitcher at the University of Oregon. Adenhart played Halfway Little League Baseball for Gehr Construction and attended Springfield Middle School in Williamsport, Maryland. He pitched for the Hagerstown PONY League for six years, and was a member of the 1999 team that won the Maryland District 1 title.After graduating from middle school, Adenhart attended Saint Maria Goretti High School in Hagerstown, Maryland. He played shortstop and outfield, in addition to pitching. While attending Saint Maria Goretti, Adenhart was a guard on the basketball team that won the Baltimore Catholic League championship. At the age of 14, Adenhart joined the Oriolelanders, a showcase team composed of Maryland amateur players and sponsored by the Baltimore Orioles, where he would stay for four years. In 2003, at the age of 16, Adenhart pitched for the Youse's Maryland Orioles, who went on to win the All American Amateur Baseball Association Tournament for that year.Adenhart transferred to Williamsport High School after his sophomore year, where he gave up basketball to focus solely on baseball, as a pitcher. Scouts began closely following him when he was named the top junior prospect by Baseball America.Adenhart had a 6–0 record with a 1.04 earned run average during the regular season in his junior year, and as a result was named the Gatorade Player of the Year in Maryland. In a 1–0 loss during the playoff quarterfinal matchup, he threw a no-hitter and had 14 strikeouts. Entering his final high school season, Baseball America dubbed Adenhart the top high school prospect in the country. In his senior year, Adenhart threw a perfect game in his very first outing, striking out 15 of the 21 batters faced. Entering the final regular season game of his high school career, he had a 5–1 record, a 0.73 ERA and an average of 2.2 strikeouts per inning. During November of his senior year, Adenhart signed a letter of intent to play with the North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team at the University of North Carolina, although his chances of being drafted high continued to climb and the North Carolina coaching staff saw their chances of acquiring Adenhart to be slim.
In his final high school game, in front of two dozen scouts, Adenhart felt a pop in his elbow after throwing a curveball to the third batter. The injury, which abruptly ended his season, was a partial ligament tear in his elbow that required Tommy John surgery. Though he had originally been projected as a first-round draft pick, the injury caused his stock to plummet two weeks before the 2004 Major League Baseball draft.He fell to the 413th overall pick in the 14th round, selected by the Anaheim Angels. Angels scout Dan Radcliff and director of scouting Eddie Bane convinced Adenhart to forego a scholarship offer from the University of North Carolina and signed him to a $710,000 bonus ($820,000 in 2010) on July 26, 2004. After having Dr. James Andrews perform the Tommy John surgery, Adenhart spent the next year rehabilitating his elbow at the Angels' rehab facility in Tempe, Arizona. During that time, Adenhart also attended classes at Arizona State University.Adenhart made his professional debut on June 25, 2005 with the Pioneer League's Orem Owlz, the Angels' Rookie League affiliate. In his lone appearance for the Owlz, he pitched six innings, allowed one unearned run, struck out seven, and earned the win. He spent the rest of the 2005 season with the Angels of the Arizona League that summer. In 13 games for the Angels, he had a 2–3 record, a 3.68 ERA, and 52 strikeouts. The following spring, at the age of 19, Adenhart was one of twelve pitchers who earned a non-roster invitation to the Angels' big league camp. As the 2006 season began, he was also considered the Angels' sixth best prospect and the 90th-best overall by Baseball America. Adenhart was assigned to the Cedar Rapids Kernels, the Angels' Low-A affiliate, after spring training. He pitched well for the Kernels. In 16 games, Adenhart had 10 wins, a 1.95 ERA, and 99 strikeouts in 106 innings pitched. His performance earned him a starting assignment in the 2006 All-Star Futures Game on June 21 and a promotion to the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes, the organization's High-A affiliate, soon after. He continued his efforts with the Quakes, winning five games and losing two in nine starts. Adenhart was a member of the United States Olympic Qualifying team in 2006, along with fellow Angels prospect Brandon Wood.In 2007, Adenhart became a top-ranked prospect in the Angels organization. Baseball America ranked him as the 34th-best prospect in baseball and second in the Angels organization. He was called up to the Double-A Arkansas Travelers for which he played the 2007 season. In 26 appearances, he had a record of 10–8 with a 3.65 ERA. The following year, Adenhart was called up to the Triple-A Salt Lake Bees, where he spent the majority of the 2008 season. He was declared the 24th-best prospect in the majors that season. In the month of April, Adenhart had a 4–0 record with a 0.87 ERA and 21 strikeouts in 31 innings. As a result, he was brought up to the Angels' major league roster, and was scheduled to make his debut on May 1, pitching on three days' rest. Shortstop Maicer Izturis was placed on the disabled list when Adenhart was brought up.
Adenhart made his Major League debut as the starting pitcher against the Oakland Athletics at home in Angel Stadium of Anaheim. At the time, he was the youngest active-roster pitcher in the major leagues. In his debut, he gave up five earned runs and walked five in two innings, earning a no-decision in a 15–8 loss. Adenhart was disappointed in his first appearance, saying, "I let down the team first. You always want to go out and prove yourself to your teammates and your manager and your coaches. I was a disappointment to myself also." His second start was against the Kansas City Royals, where he earned another no-decision, allowing three earned runs and striking out three over 4⅓ innings in a 5–3 win by the Angels. The reaction to his second start was more positive, with manager Mike Scioscia saying that "it was definitely a start in the right direction." Adenhart earned his only career decision, a victory, on May 12, 2008, against the Chicago White Sox in Anaheim, giving up four earned runs in 5⅔ innings en route to a 10–7 Angels victory. After the win against the White Sox, Adenhart was sent back down to the Salt Lake Bees. He spent the rest of the 2008 season at Salt Lake, amassing a 9–13 record with a 5.76 ERA in 26 games.Adenhart was declared the best prospect in the Angels organization going into 2009, and was ranked 68th overall on Baseball America's 2009 Top 100 Prospects list, citing his 158 innings pitched per year over the past three seasons. Adenhart earned his spot in the Angels' 2009 starting rotation during spring training. He appeared in six starts and had a 3–0 record with a 3.12 ERA over 26 innings pitched. He allowed only nine earned runs and five walks, while striking out 18. Adenhart opened the 2009 season as the third starter in the Angels' rotation. In his season debut on April 8, 2009, he earned a no-decision, giving up seven hits and no runs while striking out five batters and walking three in six innings against the Oakland Athletics at Angel Stadium of Anaheim.
Shortly after midnight on April 9, 2009, Adenhart was involved in a car crash in Fullerton, California, just hours after being the starting pitcher in the previous night's game. Police reported that an individual driving a red Toyota Sienna minivan ran a red light and broadsided a gray Mitsubishi Eclipse in which Adenhart was a passenger, sending it crashing into a telephone pole. The driver of the Eclipse, Henry Pearson, and a passenger, Cal State Fullerton cheerleader Courtney Stewart, were pronounced dead at the scene.Adenhart and Jon Wilhite, another passenger in the Mitsubishi, were taken to University of California, Irvine Medical Center, where Adenhart died as a result of his injuries at the age of 22. Wilhite suffered internal decapitation and survived after undergoing five hours of surgery to reattach his skull to his spine six days after the crash.The minivan driver fled the scene on foot, but was later arrested and identified as Andrew Thomas Gallo. On May 27, 2009, Gallo was indicted by the Orange County grand jury on three counts of murder, one count each of felony hit-and-run, driving under the influence and causing injury, and driving with a .08 percent blood alcohol or higher and causing injury and death. Gallo had a blood alcohol content of .19 percent two hours after the crash, and was also driving with a suspended license. On June 8, 2009, Gallo entered a not guilty plea at his arraignment. After a two-week jury trial held in September 2010, Gallo was convicted on three counts of second-degree murder, two counts of driving under the influence causing great bodily injury, and one felony count of hit-and-run. A bench trial found Gallo guilty of driving on a suspended license. On December 22, 2010, Gallo was sentenced to 51 years to life in jail.
Adenhart's family released this statement, following his death:Nick's family expresses sincere gratitude for all the help the Angels have provided. He lived his dream and was blessed to be part of an organization comprised of such warm, caring, and compassionate people. The Angels were his extended family. Thanks to all of Nick's loyal supporters and fans throughout his career. He will always be in everyone's hearts forever.
Angels General Manager Tony Reagins released a statement as well:The Angels family has suffered a tremendous loss today. We are deeply saddened and shocked by this tragic loss. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Nick's family, friends, loved ones and fans.
The Angels postponed the game against the Athletics for the day immediately after Adenhart's death. In remembrance of Adenhart, for the rest of the 2009 season, a black number 34 patch was placed above the heart on the Angels' uniforms, his locker in the Angel Stadium of Anaheim clubhouse remained as it was, and a locker was assigned to him on road games. The team hung one of Adenhart's jerseys in their dugout during games.A black-and-white photo of Adenhart along with his name and number was added to the center field fence at Angel Stadium. A makeshift shrine, dedicated to Adenhart, was established outside the home plate gates to Angel Stadium. The makeshift shrine was maintained by Angels personnel until its removal in December 2009. The Angels do not have any plans to create a permanent memorial.
The Salt Lake Bees, the Angels' AAA affiliate, also postponed their game on April 9 against the Reno Aces. The team also wore a number 32 patch through the season representing Adenhart's jersey number during his time with the Bees. A number 32 was also painted on the grass in front of the Bees dugout.On September 28, 2009, when the Angels celebrated winning the American League West division, they honored Adenhart by spraying champagne and beer on one of his jerseys, and then gathered in front of the outfield wall memorial for a team picture. The appropriateness of celebrating with alcohol in respect to Adenhart's death being alcohol-related was questioned, but family members were supportive of the celebrations. Adenhart's father Jim stated, "That's baseball. If Nick were there, he'd have been throwing a few back as well." Adenhart's teammates voted to give his family a full playoff share for the 2009 playoffs worth $138,038.57. Angels manager Mike Scioscia dedicated his 2009 American League Manager of the Year Award to Adenhart.The Angels established the Nick Adenhart Pitcher of the Year award given to an Angels pitcher for outstanding performance throughout the regular season. The team commissioned Harry Weber to create a bronze statue of Adenhart, which will be on display in the Angel Stadium trophy case. Smaller versions of the statue will be presented to all honorees of the Nick Adenhart award.The Adenhart family created the Nick Adenhart Memorial Fund, which is designed to provide financial support to youth baseball organizations. The goal is to lend a helping hand to struggling leagues around the country to buy equipment and cover expenses to keep youth baseball functioning. The first presentation from the fund was for $5000 to the Halfway Little League in Halfway, Maryland. Two annual events, the Nick Adenhart 5K Run and Walk and the Nick Adenhart Baseball Camp, have been established to benefit the foundation.Adenhart's number 21 jersey was retired by the Cedar Rapids Kernels, the Angels' Class A affiliate, on June 20, 2010. The Kernels, the Kernels Foundation, and the Adenhart family also established the Nick Adenhart Memorial Scholarship, a yearly $1,000 scholarship. The Orem Owlz, for whom Adenhart briefly played in 2005, have worn special jerseys, which bear the likeness of a screen-printed picture of Adenhart, along with his number 34. The Little League Baseball field where Adenhart played in Halfway, Maryland, was rededicated as the Nicholas James Adenhart Memorial Field. The Hagerstown Suns, the Minor League Baseball affiliate in Hagerstown, Maryland, held a fundraiser for the Nick Adenhart Memorial Fund and added Adenhart to their Wall of Fame at Municipal Stadium. The city of Manhattan Beach, Wilhite's home town, erected the Pearson-Wilhite-Stewart-Adenhart Commemorative Wall at Marine Avenue Park honoring all four victims of the crash.As a memorial, Angels pitcher Jered Weaver wrote the initials "NA" in the dirt on the back of the pitcher's mound before each start in honor of Adenhart. Weaver also named his son Aden in memory of Adenhart. Mike Napoli, who caught Adenhart's final game, goes out to center field before every game, and writes Adenhart's name in the warning track dirt.  Darren O'Day, who came up through the Angels minor system with Adenhart, writes Adenhart's number and initials on the brim of every new cap he wears.  Baltimore Orioles pitcher Miguel González paid tribute to Adenhart, his former minor league teammate, by wearing one of his gloves in his first major league start, which was against the Angels on July 6, 2012.Adenhart is buried at Greenlawn Cemetery, in Williamsport, Maryland, just across the street from Springfield Middle School, where he attended and played baseball as a child. A public memorial service was held at Williamsport High School the day after his burial.Subsequent to Adenhart's death, his former high school teammate and close friend, David Warrenfeltz, was hired as the Williamsport High School baseball coach. In a crash described as "eerily similar to Adenhart's", the school's star pitcher and his girlfriend were both killed in a collision in 2012.
Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball-Reference, or Fangraphs, or The Baseball Cube, or Baseball-Reference (Minors)
Humphreys University, previously known as Humphreys College, is an independent, non-profit university in with two campuses in California, one in Modesto and the other in Stockton.  It has been in continuous service to the central San Joaquin Valley since 1896, giving it the distinction of being the first institution of higher education in the area. It awards certificates, and associate's, bachelor's, and master's degrees. Its Humphreys College Laurence Drivon School of Law awards the juris doctor degree. The college is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and the Accrediting Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities, and the law school is accredited by the California State Bar Committee of Bar Examiners.
Although records show the existence of the school in Stockton going as far back as 1875, Humphreys College dates its founding to 1896 when John R. Humphreys, Sr. took over the administration of the Stockton Business College, Normal School, and Telegraphic Institute.  When Humphreys died in 1937, his son, John R. Humphreys, Jr. took over the operation of the school.
The name of the school changed several times, at one point known as the "Gas City Business College" before being taken over in 1901 by the "Western School of Commerce", which merged with "Heald's Business College" in 1920 to become the "Stockton College of Commerce"; however, in 1947, the school incorporated as a non-profit institution of higher learning with the state of California, and took the name that it is known by today.Humphreys' main campus in Stockton is located in the North Stockton neighborhood of Sherwood adjacent to Stockton's Lincoln Center shopping area, moving from a downtown location after construction of the facility completed in 1967. In 1987 a new campus was established in Modesto in conjunction with and on the Modesto Junior College campus, later becoming a separate campus at its current location.
A Sacramento-area campus opened in 1990, assuming the operation (but not the business) of two closing court reporting colleges, Unilex College and Careercom College of Business; however, under economic pressure of the early 2000s recession and dwindling enrollment this campus closed in 2001.
A partnership with the Stockton Unified School District in 2005 produced the Institute of Business Management and Law, a charter high school located in the west campus building complex, graduating its final class in 2011 followed by the subsequent dissolution of the partnership. Also, in 2005, the main campus in Stockton was re-dedicated to the community and underwent a remodel along with a 22,000 sq ft (2,000 m2) campus expansion, which included new undergraduate and law libraries, faculty and administrative offices, law school building and the Carcione Courtroom, dedicated to the late Joseph Carcione, Sr. by his son, local Stockton attorney Joseph W. Carcione, Jr.
In January 2009, after receiving a substantive change approval from the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, the college began offering a new graduate program, the Master of Arts in Education with emphases in Early Childhood Education and Educational Administration.  In late 2009, with continued increases in enrollment, the college created plans to demolish the former student housing and childcare buildings and expand another 14,000 sq ft (1,300 m2), spreading the campus south to Quincy Street with additional parking, classrooms and community space; construction began in March 2010 and was completed in February 2011.  The Modesto campus also doubled in capacity during 2010, using adjoining facilities vacated by the departure of the University of Phoenix as enrollment tripled from an all-time low from the 2007 academic year.
With the Stockton Unified School District partnership dissolution, a new charter high school was proposed using the existing facilities of the former Institute of Business Management and Law, with an expected September 2011 opening date. The proposal was unanimously rejected by the Lincoln Unified School District in a public board meeting, then subsequently accepted by New Jerusalem School District under its Delta Charter, thus enabling the Academy of Business, Law and Education to open as planned.
In September 2013, the college lost eligibility to participate in California state financial aid due to its student loan default rate exceeding the federal standard.Following several quarters of declining enrollment, an exodus of transfer students, and the prior loss of state financial aid, by 2014, the college embarked on a cost-reduction course of action, reducing 25% of employees via attrition, pay-cuts, layoffs and retirement offers – including the serving president, who agreed to step down by the end of the next academic year with his heir accepting the familial role with the uncontested and unanimous approval of the board of trustees.
LittleBigPlanet  is a 2009 puzzle platformer video game (with user-generated content) for the PlayStation Portable developed by SCE Cambridge Studio in conjunction with Media Molecule. An addition to the LittleBigPlanet franchise made exclusively for the PSP, featuring a brand new story mode. It was released on 17 November 2009 in North America and 20 November 2009 in PAL regions. The game's servers have been shut down since July 30 2016.
The game's gameplay is exactly the same as the original PlayStation 3 version albeit without the co-operative multiplayer aspect and one of the 'layers' in which the level 'set' is created within. The PlayStation 3 version has three 'thick' layers and four 'thin' layers, however LittleBigPlanet PSP only has two 'thick' layers and three 'thin' layers. The game consists of an introduction, 23 main levels, and 14 mini levels, 2 of which are "Mini Games". These levels were created by SCE Studio Cambridge, and are based around seven different themes that draw inspiration from real-world locations including Chinese gardens, dry Australian deserts and icy Alpine stages. Though most of these levels look similar to their PlayStation 3 counterpart they are, in fact, new redesigned levels. Players must traverse complicated mazes during levels using devices including switches, rotating platforms and floating lanterns that can be ridden or grabbed. The main objective of each level is to move from one side of the stage to the other, dodging deadly contraptions such as electric snakes shooting out and trying to kill your sackperson.The game's overall goal is to capture prize bubbles which include stickers, costumes, materials, and objects players may use to customize their own Sackboy and levels. Players can create their own levels from a blank slate or template using various items gained in the game and items ready-made by the game's developers. These levels can then be uploaded to the game's online servers to be shared among the community.
The game's story is a sequel to the original PlayStation 3 version. Sackboy, the main character, decides to take a holiday walkabout around the world. The player starts in Down Under, a theme based on Australia, where they meet Bruce, a helpful character who gets the player started in the game. The player climbs to the Cave of Dreams where they meet the Mystic. It is revealed that there is to be a massive carnival in Brazil, and the player needs to go around the world to find the various creator curators and get them to go to the carnival. The player then goes to The Orient in China and meets the Emperor, who has a dragon's egg in his treasure room. The player retrieves it and gives it to the dragon with the Emperor's apologies. The Emperor then decides to go to the carnival.
The player travels to the Genie's realm, The Bazaar, set in Persia. The monkey thief king steals the Genie lamp from its owner. The player travels through the realm to retrieve it. It is returned to the owner after the player wins in a game of "Monkey Swing." The Genie helps them travel to Golden Sands (located in Arabia) on a magic carpet where a prince is building an amusement park and needs the player to build and test its safety features. Once they have that accomplished, the prince wants to go to the carnival.
The player travels to the Alpine Mountains where Clock Hans meets them when part of the roof is destroyed. He promises to go to the carnival if the player finds his children when they're lost while he repairs the roof. The player does so and Clock Hans gives permission to use his teleportation device, and the player ends up in Tinsel Town, which is based on Hollywood. The director has the player act as a stunt-man in his movies: LittleBugPlanet and The Sewn Identity. Once the movies are tested, they are both hits and the director comes to the carnival.
Once in Brazil, the player walks throughout other creators floats and helps them with getting the working. The Director needs a photo with them, Leading Lady and Big Ron. On Clock Hans' float the player helps to fix the clock on the lower deck of the float. Prince Funubis needs to start an oil well on his float. The Genie gets stuck inside his lamp and needs sackboy to get him out. Emperor Sario needs to set some fireworks off on his float. The Mystic gives the player a final object for his float inside Big Croc. Finally, the player adds the finishing touches to their parade float, and rides throughout Brazil on it as the end credits roll.
In a February 2009 press release, Sony announced a version of LittleBigPlanet for the PlayStation Portable was being developed by SCE Studio Cambridge in conjunction with Media Molecule. The game was tentatively referred to as LittleBigPlanet PSP and was first shown publicly at E3 2009 where two Australian-themed levels from the Story Mode were available to play. One of these was a surfing minigame where the goal was to keep Sackboy on a moving surfboard for as long as possible and the other was a full, platforming level. The game's aesthetics are very similar to those of the PlayStation 3 version and many similar gameplay mechanics, such as sticker switches, feature in the PSP game. As with the PlayStation 3 game, Stephen Fry provides voice overs for the English-language version of the game. Also, as with the PlayStation 3 game, comedy writer Dean Wilkinson provided the script for Fry, as well as writing in-game dialogue and characters. Unlike its PlayStation 3 counterpart, multiplayer gameplay does not feature in LittleBigPlanet on the PSP. However, the creation and sharing of levels has been carried over.
Since the game's launch, SCE Cambridge Studio has released several packs of paid-for or free downloadable content (DLC), including items such as materials, stickers and costumes, some being ports from the original PS3 Version of the game. The free kits are all a single costume with the exception being the Savannah costumes, which include both of the costumes that are given to the player in the 'Savannah' section of the original PlayStation 3 game. In the PlayStation Store; SCE Cambridge Studio released a set of "Purchasable Levels" called the Turbo! Pack of 6 Levels, 121 Objects, 28 Materials, 112 Stickers, 20 Sounds Objects, 6 Music files, and 1 Background.
The game has received generally positive reviews from most critics, both Eurogamer and IGN gave LittleBigPlanet a score of 9/10 commenting that the PSP version was just as good as the PlayStation 3 version and went on to say that the title was "one of the stand-out titles" for the console, while IGN commented that "The platforming's fun, the create tools are solid, and online's undoubtedly impressive – especially considering that these upload/download features are on the PSP."GameSpot scored it an 8 out of 10 criticising the short storyline, the limited Sackboy manipulation, and the lack of multiplayer, but they praised the fact that almost everything else was intact from the PlayStation 3 version.
Woodcliff is a neighborhood in northeastern North Bergen, New Jersey. The center of area is a large Hudson County park known as North Hudson Park, which refers to the collective name of the  municipalities in northern part of the county, and is officially named for James J. Braddock, an American boxer who was a resident the township.
The boomerang-shaped section north of the park is bordered by the southeastern Bergen County towns of Cliffside Park and Fairview, is characterized by a garden apartment complex called Woodcliff Gardens. The neighborhood south of the park is bordered by Boulevard East and Bergenline Avenue, across from which is North Bergen Public Library and the Racetrack Section. It southern border is shared with the borough of Guttenberg. High density housing includes single and multi-family dwellings as well as low-rise and high-rise apartment buildings.
The section was developed early 1900s. It is sometimes occasionally still called Hudson Heights. Located atop the Hudson Palisades, much of Woodcliff overlooks the Hudson River and the neighborhoods along its banks, Shadyside and Bulls Ferry, to which it is connected by a colonial era road along the face of the cliff. The Woodcliff Treatment Plant is located at the foot of the escarpment.Woodcliff is served by New Jersey Transit local and Manhattan-bound buses, as well numerous privately operated carritos, dollar vans and mini-buses originating at Nungesser's, a major intersection.
Tome (登米市, Tome-shi) is a city located in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. As of 28 February 2017, the city had an estimated population of 81,434 and a population density of 151 persons per km² in 27,275 households. The total area of the city is 536.12 square kilometres (207.00 sq mi). The area is noted for its rice production.
Tome is in far northeastern Miyagi Prefecture, bordered by Iwate Prefecture to the north. The Kitakami River flows through the city. The city is approximately 70 kilometers north of the prefectural capital of Sendai.
Tome has a humid climate (Köppen climate classification Cfa) characterized by mild summers and cold winters. The average annual temperature in Tome is 11.3 °C. The average annual rainfall is 1209 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August, at around 24.2 °C, and lowest in January, at around -0.5 °C.
The area of present-day Tome was part of ancient Mutsu Province, and has been settled since at least the Jōmon period by the Emishi people. During the later portion of the Heian period, the area was ruled by the Northern Fujiwara. During the Sengoku period, the area was contested by various samurai clans before the area came under the control of the Date clan of Sendai Domain during the Edo period, under the Tokugawa shogunate.
The town of Tome was established on June 1, 1889 within Tome District, Miyagi with the establishment of the modern municipalities system. The modern city of Tome was established on April 1, 2005, from the merger of the towns of Hasama, Ishikoshi, Minamikata, Nakada, Toyoma, Towa, Toyosato, Tsuyama, and Yoneyama (all from Tome District, and the town of Tsuyama (from Motoyoshi District). Tome DIstrict was dissolved as a result of his merger.
Tome was one of several cities severely affected by an earthquake and tsunami on Friday, 11 March 2011, with as many as 6,000 people left homeless. On 15, 2011, authorities announced that German and Swiss teams with search dogs would be deployed to the city to aid in search and recovery efforts. Other search and rescue team came from Australia and New Zealand. Early reports suggest that many residents of the nearby town of Minamisanriku, which was one of the hardest hit by the tsunami, had evacuated to Tome.
Tome has a mayor-council form of government with a directly elected mayor and a unicameral city legislature of 40 members.
Tome has 21 public elementary schools, one combined public elementary/middle school, nine public junior high schools operated by the city government, and three public high schools operated by the Miyagi Prefectural Board of Education.
Prittlewell is a district within the Borough of Southend-on-Sea, Essex. Historically, Prittlewell is the original town, Southend being the south end of Prittlewell. The village of Prittlewell was originally centred at the joining of three main roads, East Street, West Street and North Street, which was extended south in the 19th century and renamed Victoria Avenue. The principal administrative buildings in Southend are located along Victoria Avenue, although Prittlewell is now mainly a residential area, served by Prittlewell railway station.
People first settled by the Prittle Brook at least 10,000 years ago in the late Stone Age. Little appears to have affected life in Prittlewell as its population gradually evolved from their original character as hunter-gatherers to a more settled existence during the Bronze and Iron Ages.
The Roman occupation began to influence the area with the construction of a Roman-style dwelling, probably a farmhouse or villa, close to the brook in what is now Priory Park. The introduction of new ideas, new skills and social structures under this Roman influence would have brought significant change to the area. The discovery of Roman burial sites during road and rail construction in the 1920s and 1930s indicated that the settlement was well developed and of some significance, although no prominent buildings were preserved.
Following the decline of Roman Britain, the area came under the influence of Saxon raiders, over time becoming established as part of the kingdom of the East Saxons. During this time (largely the 5th and 6th centuries), the historic Saxon name of Prittleuuella came into being. There is also archaeological evidence that a small chapel was erected on the site of the present Church of Saint Mary the Virgin in the early 7th century, possibly around the reign of Sæberht of Essex.
The construction works of 1923 and 1930 that revealed Roman burials also unearthed evidence of numerous Anglo-Saxon burials, a significant number of which were high-status or warrior burials containing weapons, imported goods, jewellery and decorative beads, some of which were made out of glass. The high status of the area during the Anglo-Saxon period was confirmed by the discovery of a substantial and undisturbed 7th-century chamber tomb in 2003. The burial site was uncovered by archaeologists from Museum of London Archaeology, who had been commissioned to prepare the site in advance of a road widening scheme. In 2009, following local opposition, the scheme was dropped and the traffic congestion eased by works to a different road location.The unusually rich contents and their condition have excited archaeologists, being described as "unique" by the Museum of London. A fuller description of the excavation and the artefacts of the burial chamber, thought to be of Saebert of Essex, can be seen at the dedicated Museum of London website. The story of the excavation was also thought so significant as to be the subject of a special documentary titled "King of Bling", as part of the Time Team series.
At the time of the Domesday Survey in 1086, the two manors in the area that is now Prittlewell were Prittlewell and Milton, the former owned by Swein of Essex and the latter by the Priory of Holy Trinity, Canterbury (now Canterbury Cathedral). In the 12th century, Robert de Essex, also known as Robert FitzSwein, founded Prittlewell Priory as a cell of the Cluniac Priory of St Pancras, Lewes. The foundation charter included the manor and church of Prittlewell. At this time, the lands of the priory extended to the seafront. Due to this, when a fishing settlement was set up two miles (3 km) south of the priory in the 14th century, it was still regarded as part of Prittlewell and as such was named Stratende, Sowthende or South-End. From this settlement, the modern town of Southend-on-Sea grew. Over a period of around two hundred years, the Parish Church, St. Mary's, was substantially enlarged, reaching its present size with the addition of its tower in the mid-15th century. At the time of the Tudor Dissolution of the Monasteries by Henry VIII, the priory, which had by this time developed into a sprawling complex, was closed and the lands seized by the crown.
Southend was developed as a bathing resort in the 18th century, and by the 19th, Prittlewell was regarded by visitors to Southend as "an attractive village in the hinterland". In 1848, Prittlewell was described in the White's Directory of Essex as "a neat and well built village with many modern houses overlooking the estuary of the Thames, 1½ miles North West of Southend, and 3 miles South of Rochford". Links between Prittlewell and Southend were improved in 1889 when a road, named Victoria Avenue, was built between the village crossroads by the church to Southend and in 1892 when Prittlewell railway station was built on the Great Eastern Railway, linking Southend and London. 1892 also saw the foundation of the Municipal Borough of Southend-on-Sea, which took over responsibility for Prittlewell from an earlier local board.
The old priory, which had been in ownership of the Scratton family, was bought by local jeweller and benefactor R. A. Jones and was given to the people of Southend as Priory Park. In 1901, Eric Kingham Cole was born in Prittlewell and went on to form EKCO, a radio, TV and plastic manufacturer, in 1924. In 1930, he built a large factory opposite Priory Park, but by 1966 the electrical side of the factory was closed (except for the car radio repair department, which closed in 1977). The Access (credit card) business moved into the factory in 1972, but with the business changing in the 1990s, Royal Bank of Scotland moved out, leaving the EKCO (now Linpac) plastic factory the only operative on the site. This closed down in 2007, and the whole site was demolished in 2012, with a combined housing and commercial development (and a new Havens Hospice) being given planning permission on 14 January 2015.
Modern day Prittlewell stretches from the crossroads by St Mary's Church to the airport on the boundary between Southend and Rochford.
At the 2001 UK census, the Prittlewell electoral ward had a population of 9,478. The ethnicity was 95.1% white, 1% mixed race, 2.8% Asian, 0.5% black and 0.6% other. The place of birth of residents was 93.9% United Kingdom, 0.8% Republic of Ireland, 1.2% other Western European countries, and 4.1% elsewhere. Religion was recorded as 71.2% Christian, 0.3% Buddhist, 1.2% Hindu, 0% Sikh, 1.1% Jewish, and 1.7% Muslim. 16.2% were recorded as having no religion, 0.3% had an alternative religion and 8.0% did not state their religion.The economic activity of residents aged 16–74 was 39.5% in full-time employment, 12.6% in part-time employment, 9.6% self-employed, 3.3% unemployed, 2.3% students with jobs, 2.9% students without jobs, 16.5% retired, 6.3% looking after home or family, 4.5% permanently sick or disabled and 2.6% economically inactive for other reasons. The industry of employment of residents was 15.8% retail, 11% manufacturing, 8.1% construction, 11.6% real estate, 12.9% health and social work, 7% education, 6.2% transport and communications, 6.7% public administration, 2.8% hotels and restaurants, 11.7% finance, 0.7% agriculture and 5.5% other. Compared with national figures, the ward had a relatively high proportion of workers in finance and health and social work. Of the ward's residents aged 16–74, 14.4% had a higher education qualification or the equivalent, compared with 19.9% nationwide. According to Office for National Statistics estimates, during the period of April 2004 to March 2005 the average gross weekly income of households was £590, compared with an average of £650 in South East England.
Only a small proportion of the historical village of Prittlewell remains standing; the ruins and standing remains of the Priory, visible in Priory Park; St. Mary's Church; A building recently restored following fire damage, though more recently a bakery, now an estate agent appropriately named Tudor Estates; as well as a number of public houses, the most famous of which is the Blue Boar. This is famous as being where Southend United F.C. were formed, however the building that currently stands there is of Victorian construction, as the original building was destroyed by fire. Since 1955, Prittlewell has been the home to Southend United F.C. at their ground Roots Hall, and has been since the 1960s home to a weekly market which takes place on a Thursday. Southend are planning to move from this location, and Sainsbury's currently have planning permission to build a supermarket on the site of Roots Hall, St Mary's flats, the former Eastern National Bus Garage/former Prospects College and the shops on the corner of Victoria Avenue and Fairfax Drive.
"Prittlewell: Treasures of a King of Essex". Current Archaeology. 16, No.10 (190): 430–436. February 2004.
(Museum of London Archaeological Services) The "Prittlewell Prince" The undisturbed 7th-century Saxon burial chamber.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings (August 8, 1896 – December 14, 1953) was an American author who lived in rural Florida and wrote novels with rural themes and settings. Her best known work, The Yearling, about a boy who adopts an orphaned fawn, won a Pulitzer Prize for fiction in 1939 and was later made into a movie of the same name. The book was written long before the concept of young adult fiction, but is now commonly included in teen-reading lists.
Marjorie Kinnan was born in 1896 in Washington, D.C., the daughter of Ida May (née Traphagen) and Arthur Frank Kinnan, an attorney for the US Patent Office. She grew up in the Brookland neighborhood and was interested in writing as early as age six, and submitted stories to the children's sections of newspapers until she was 16. At age 15, she entered into a contest a story titled "The Reincarnation of Miss Hetty", for which she won a prize.She attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she joined Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and received a degree in English in 1918. She was selected as a member of the local senior women's honor society on campus, which in 1920 became a chapter of the national senior women's society, Mortar Board. She met Charles Rawlings while working for the school literary magazine, and married him in 1919. Kinnan briefly worked for the YWCA editorial board in New York City.  The couple moved to Louisville, Kentucky, writing for the Louisville Courier-Journal and then Rochester, New York both writing for the Rochester Journal, and Marjorie writing a syndicated column called "Songs of the Housewife".In 1928, with a small inheritance from her mother, the Rawlings purchased a 72-acre (290,000 m²) orange grove near Hawthorne, Florida, in a hamlet named Cross Creek for its location between Orange Lake and Lochloosa Lake. She brought the place to international fame through her writing. She was fascinated with the remote wilderness and the lives of Cross Creek residents, her "Florida cracker" neighbors, and felt a profound and transforming connection to the region and the land. Wary at first, the local residents soon warmed to her and opened up their lives and experiences to her. Marjorie actually made many visits to meet with Calvin and Mary Long to observe their family relationships. This relationship ended up being used as a model for the family in her most successful novel, The Yearling. The Longs lived in a clearing named Pat's Island, but Marjorie renamed the clearing "Baxter's Island." Marjorie filled several notebooks with descriptions of the animals, plants, Southern dialect, and recipes and used these descriptions in her writings.
Encouraged by her editor at Scribner's, Maxwell Perkins, who was impressed by the letters she wrote him about her life in Cross Creek, Rawlings began writing stories set in the Florida scrub country.  In 1930, Scribner's accepted two of her stories, "Cracker Chidlings" and "Jacob's Ladder", both about the poor, backcountry Florida residents who were quite similar to her neighbors at Cross Creek. Local reception to her stories was mixed between puzzlement concerning whom she was writing about, and rage, since one mother apparently recognized her son as a subject in a story and threatened to whip Rawlings until she was dead.Her first novel, South Moon Under, was published in 1933. The book captured the richness of Cross Creek and its environs in telling the story of a young man, Lant, who must support himself and his mother by making and selling moonshine, and what he must do when a traitorous cousin threatens to turn him in. Moonshiners were the subject of several of her stories, and Rawlings lived with a moonshiner for several weeks near Ocala to prepare for writing the book. South Moon Under was included in the Book-of-the-Month Club and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize.
That same year, she and her husband Charles were divorced; living in rural Florida did not appeal to him.One of her least well-received books, Golden Apples, came out in 1935. It tells the stories of several people who suffer from unrequited love from people unsuited for them. Rawlings herself was disappointed in it, and in a 1935 letter to her publisher Max Perkins, she called it "interesting trash instead of literature."But she found immense success in 1938 with The Yearling, a story about a Florida boy and his pet deer and his relationship with his father, which she originally intended as a story for young readers. It was selected for the Book-of-the-Month Club, and it won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1939. MGM purchased the rights to the film version, which was released in 1946, and it made her famous. In 1942, Rawlings published Cross Creek, an autobiographical account of her relationships with her neighbors and her beloved Florida hammocks. Again it was chosen by the Book-of-the-Month Club, and it was even released in a special armed forces edition, sent to servicemen during World War II.Rawlings' final novel, The Sojourner, published in 1953 and set in a northern setting, was about the life of a man and his relationship to his family: a difficult mother who favors her other, first-born son and his relationship to this absent older brother. To absorb the natural setting so vital to her writing, she bought an old farmhouse in Van Hornesville, New York and spent part of each year there until her death. The novel was less well received critically than her Florida writings, and did little to enhance her literary reputation. She published 33 short stories from 1912–49. As many of Rawling's works were centered in the North and Central Florida area, she was often considered a regional writer. Rawlings herself rejected this label saying, "I don't hold any brief for regionalism, and I don't hold with the regional novel as such … don't make a novel about them unless they have a larger meaning than just quaintness."
In 1943, Rawlings faced a libel suit for Cross Creek, filed by her neighbor Zelma Cason, whom Rawlings had met the first day she moved to Florida. Cason had helped to soothe the mother made upset by her son's depiction in "Jacob's Ladder". Cason claimed Rawlings made her out to be a "hussy". Rawlings had assumed their friendship was intact and spoke with her immediately. Cason went ahead with the lawsuit seeking $100,000 US for invasion of privacy (as the courts found libel too ambiguous). It was a cause of action that had never been argued in a Florida court.
Rawlings used Cason's forename in the book, but described her in this passage:Zelma is an ageless spinster resembling an angry and efficient canary. She manages her orange grove and as much of the village and county as needs management or will submit to it. I cannot decide whether she should have been a man or a mother. She combines the more violent characteristics of both and those who ask for or accept her ministrations think nothing at being cursed loudly at the very instant of being tenderly fed, clothed, nursed, or guided through their troubles.
Cason was represented by one of the first female lawyers in Florida, Kate Walton. Cason was reportedly profane indeed (one of her neighbors reported her swearing could be heard for a quarter of a mile), wore pants, had a fascination with guns, and was just as extraordinarily independent as Rawlings herself.Rawlings won the case and enjoyed a brief vindication, but the verdict was overturned in appellate court and Rawlings was ordered to pay damages in the amount of $1 US. The toll the case took on Rawlings was great, in both time and emotion. Reportedly, Rawlings had been shocked to learn of Cason's reaction to the book, and felt betrayed. After the case was over, she spent less time in Cross Creek and never wrote another book about Florida, though she had been considering doing a sequel to Cross Creek.
With money she made from The Yearling, Rawlings bought a beach cottage at Crescent Beach, ten miles south of St. Augustine. In 1941 Rawlings married Ocala hotelier Norton Baskin (1901–1997), and he remodeled an old mansion into the Castle Warden Hotel in St. Augustine (currently the Ripley's Believe it or Not Museum). After World War II, he sold the hotel and managed the Dolphin Restaurant at Marineland, which was then Florida's number one tourist attraction. Rawlings and Baskin made their primary home at Crescent Beach, and Rawlings and Baskin both continued their respective occupations independently. When a visitor to the Castle Warden Hotel suggested she saw the influence of Rawlings in the decor, Baskin protested, saying, "You do not see Mrs. Rawlings' fine hand in this place. Nor will you see my big foot in her next book. That's our agreement. She writes. I run a hotel." After purchasing her land in New York, Rawlings spent half the year there and half the year with Baskin in St. Augustine.
Her singular admitted vanity was cooking. She said, "I get as much satisfaction from preparing a perfect dinner for a few good friends as from turning out a perfect paragraph in my writing." Rawlings befriended and corresponded with Mary McLeod Bethune and Zora Neale Hurston. Zora Neale Hurston visited her at Cross Creek. Rawlings resisted social norms of the time in allowing Hurston, an African-American, to sleep in her home instead of relegating her to the tenant house.
Rawlings' views on race relations were much different than her neighbors', castigating white Southerners for infantilizing African Americans and labeling their economic differences with whites "a scandal", but simultaneously considered whites superior. She described her African-American employee Idella as "the perfect maid". Their relationship is described in the book Idella: Marjorie Rawlings' "Perfect Maid", by Idella Parker and Mary Keating.
Biographers have noted her longing for a male child through her writings, as far back as her first story as a teenage girl in "The Reincarnation of Miss Hetty", and repeated throughout several works, letters, and characters, most notably in The Yearling. In fact, she stated that as a child she had a gift for telling stories, but that she demanded all her audiences be boys.
Her hatred of cities was intense: she wrote a sonnet titled, "Having Left Cities Behind Me" published in Scribner's in 1938 to illustrate it (excerpt):"Now, having left cities behind me, turnedAway forever from the strange, gregariousHuddling of men by stones, I find those variousGreat towns I knew fused into one, burned
She was criticized throughout her career for being uneven with her talent in writing, something she recognized in herself, and that reflected periods of depression and artistic frustration. She has been described as having unique sensibilities; she wrote of feeling "vibrations" from the land, and often preferred long periods of solitude at Cross Creek. She was known for being remarkably strong-willed, but after her death, Norton Baskin wrote of her, "Marjorie was the shyest person I have ever known. This was always strange to me as she could stand up to anybody in any department of endeavor but time after time when she was asked to go some place or to do something she would accept — 'if I would go with her.'"
In her autobiography Cross Creek first published in 1942, Rawlings described how she owned many acres of land and also hired many people to help her with day-to-day chores and activities. An entire chapter of the book is dedicated to one woman she hired, whose name was Beatrice, but who was affectionately known as "GeeChee", because the woman was ethnically part of the GeeChee people. In the book Rawlings said GeeChee's mother lived in nearby Hawthorne, Florida and GeeChee was blind in one eye from a fight in which she had been involved. GeeChee was employed by Rawlings on and off for nearly two years in which GeeChee dutifully made life easier for Rawlings. GeeChee revealed to Rawlings that her boyfriend named Leroy was serving time in prison for manslaughter, and asked Rawlings for help in gaining his release. She arranged for Leroy to be paroled to her and come work for her estate, and had a wedding on the grounds for Beatrice and Leroy. After a few weeks, Leroy aggressively demanded more earnings from Rawlings and threatened her. She decided he had to leave, which caused her distress because she did not want GeeChee to go with him, and was sure she would. GeeChee eventually decided to stay with Rawlings, but GeeChee began to drink heavily and abandoned her. Weeks later, Rawlings went out searching for GeeChee and drove her back to her estate, describing GeeChee as a "Black Florence Nightingale". GeeChee was unable to stop herself from drinking, which led a heartbroken Rawlings to dismiss her. Rawlings stated in her autobiography "No maid of perfection — and now I have one — can fill the strange emptiness she left in a remote corner of my heart. I think of her often, and I know she does of me, for she comes once a year to see me".When Cross Creek was turned into a 1983 film, actress Alfre Woodard was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as GeeChee.
Rawlings died in 1953 in St. Augustine of a cerebral hemorrhage. She bequeathed most of her property to the University of Florida, Gainesville, where she taught creative writing in Anderson Hall. In return, her name was given to a new dormitory dedicated in 1958 as Rawlings Hall which occupies prime real estate in the heart of the campus.
Her land at Cross Creek is now the Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Historic State Park. Norton Baskin survived her by 44 years, passing away in 1997. They are buried side-by-side at Antioch Cemetery near Island Grove, Florida. Her tombstone, with Baskin's inscription, reads "Through her writing she endeared herself to the people of the world." Rawlings' reputation has managed to outlive those of many of her contemporaries. A posthumously published children's book, The Secret River, won a Newbery Honor in 1956, and movies were made, long after her death, of her story Gal Young Un, and her semi-fictionalized memoir Cross Creek (Norton Baskin, then in his eighties, made a cameo appearance in the latter movie as a man sitting in a rocking chair).
In 1986, Rawlings was inducted into the Florida Women's Hall of Fame. 3 years later, in 1989, she won the Florida Folk Heritage Award. In 2008, the United States Postal Service unveiled a stamp bearing Rawlings' image, in her honor.
She was named a Great Floridian in 2009 by the state of Florida. The program honors persons who made “major contributions to the progress and welfare" of Florida.
University of Florida's Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Digital Collections, created from the Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Manuscript Collection in the Libraries' Special Collections
Robert Middendorf and Rodger Tarr collections of Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings at the University of South Carolina Irvin Department of Rare Books and Special Collections.
Ellen Gustafson is an American businessperson, social entrepreneur and sustainable food system activist. She is best known for co-founding FEED Projects with Lauren Bush, as well as for founding 30 Project, a nonprofit that aims to look at the link between obesity and starvation rates. In addition, she has been a US spokesperson for the UN World Food Programme and founded Food Tank: The Think Tank For Food with Danielle Nierenberg.
Gustafson attended Columbia University, where she earned a bachelor's degree in International Politics, with her thesis concentrating on terrorism as a global issue. This led to work with the Council on Foreign Relations and then as a reporter for ABC News, specializing in terrorism. It is this period in her life that she credits with inspiring her to focus on the link between food and violence.
In 2007, Gustafson co-founded FEED Projects along with Lauren Bush, niece of former US President George W. Bush and a model who had created the "FEED 1" bag, a reversible burlap and organic cotton bag reminiscent of the bags of food distributed by the World Food Programme (WFP). The project aims to feed one child for a year per bag sold, with money from every purchase going to the World Food Programme. Her involvement with FEED led to a number of accolades, including being named as one of Fortune Magazine's Most Powerful Women Entrepreneurs in 2009, Inc. Magazine's 30 Under 30 list and in the Diplomatic Courier's Top 99 Under 33 in 2009.
Gustafson is also the former executive director of the FEED Foundation, the nonprofit wing of FEED Projects, which aims to tackle world hunger and has provided 60 million school meals to children around the world.
Gustafson is the founder and executive director of the 30 Project. This nonprofit aims to look back at the past 30 years and discuss why obesity rates and starvation rates have risen significantly over this time. In addition, the 30 Project also engages different people and companies within the food industry in an attempt to reverse these issues. Gustafson works alongside Danielle Nierenberg at the 30 Project.
Gustafson has spoken on subjects relating to hunger and her involvement with the FEED Projects and 30 Project. This includes speaking at Harvard Business School, NYU, Yale, the US Naval Academy, Lehigh University, George Washington University, and Columbia University. She has also presented a TED talk.Additionally, she founded Food Tank: The Food Think Tank, with Danielle Nierenberg.
A significant Chinese presence in Tonga is relatively recent. There were approximately three or four thousand Chinese people living in Tonga in 2001, thus comprising 3 or 4% of the total Tongan population. This figure includes Tongan citizens of Chinese ethnicity, and marks a sharp increase from the 1996 census, which recorded only 55 persons on Chinese ethnicity living in Tonga. Chinese in Tonga and Chinese Tongans are Tonga's main ethnic minority group, and have been subjected to significant levels of racism, including racist violence, in recent years.
In the 1990s, the Tongan government controversially sold Tongan passports to Chinese nationals and residents of Hong Kong, enabling them to settle in Tonga and leading to the appearance of a visible Chinese community in the South Pacific kingdom. In 1999, the Tonga Chinese Association reported around 40 cases of harassment of Chinese businessmen, including several assaults, and Tonga's then-Crown Prince Tupoutoʻa condemned what he called "the racially motivated and cowardly violence which young jobless and, dare I say it, hopeless Tongans, visited on our Chinese-owned shops [in 1999]; an act of such barbarity that it shamed and disgusted me and every other Tongan of my generation". In 2000, local authorities in Nukunuku banned all Chinese shops from the district.In 2001, there were about 100 reported cases of racial assault against Chinese by indigenous Tongans, including the destruction of Chinese owned shops. The violence was thought to have been fuelled in part by resentment against Chinese shop-keepers due to high levels of unemployment among indigenous Tongans. Tongan Prime Minister Prince ʻUlakalala Lavaka Ata responded to the violence by announcing that 600 Chinese residents would not have their work permits renewed, and would have to leave the country. This policy contradicted King Taufaʻahau Tupou IV's publicly expressed wish to see more Chinese immigrants settle in Tonga.In 2006, riots in the Tongan capital, Nukuʻalofa, mainly targeted Chinese-owned businesses, leading to the emigration of several hundred Chinese.
Joslin was born on September 25, 1829 in Ypsilanti, Michigan. On October 24, 1852, he married Margaret M. Gillam. They would have seven children. Joslin died on September 2, 1926 in Richland Center, Wisconsin.
Joslin was a member of the Assembly during the 1880 session. Other positions he held include Sheriff of Richland County, Wisconsin in 1859 and 1860, along with County Treasurer in 1869, 1870, 1871 and 1872. He was a Republican.
During the American Civil War, Joslin served with the 25th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment of the Union Army. Battles he participated in include the Battle of Resaca, the Battle of Dallas, the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain, the Battle of Atlanta, the Battle of Decatur, the Battle of Rivers' Bridge and the Battle of Bentonville. Additionally, Joslin took part in the Meridian Expedition and Sherman's March to the Sea. He was brevetted a colonel.
Gwyneth Evelyn "Gwen" Verdon (January 13, 1925 – October 18, 2000) was an American actress and dancer. She won four Tony Awards for her musical comedy performances, and served as an uncredited choreographer's assistant and specialty dance coach for theater and film. With flaming red hair and a quaver in her voice, Verdon was a critically acclaimed performer on Broadway in the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s. Having originated many roles in musicals she is also strongly identified with her second husband, director–choreographer Bob Fosse, remembered as the dancer–collaborator–muse for whom he choreographed much of his work and as the guardian of his legacy after his death.
Verdon was born in Culver City, California, the second child of Gertrude Lilian (née Standring; October 24, 1896 – October 16, 1956) and Joseph William Verdon (December 31, 1896 – June 23, 1978), British immigrants to the United States by way of Canada. Her brother was William Farrell Verdon (August 1, 1923 – June 10, 1991). The Verdon family could be described as "showpeople." Her father was an electrician at MGM Studios, and her mother was a former vaudevillian of the Denishawn dance troupe, as well as a dance teacher.As a toddler, she had rickets, which left her legs so badly misshapen she was called "Gimpy" by other children and spent her early years in orthopedic boots and rigid leg braces. Her mother put the three-year-old in dance classes. Further ballet training strengthened her legs and improved her carriage.
By the time she was six, she was already dancing on stage. She went on to study multiple dance forms, ranging from tap, jazz, ballroom and flamenco to Balinese. She also studied juggling. At age 11, she appeared as a solo ballerina in the musical romance film The King Steps Out (1936), directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring Grace Moore and Franchot Tone. She attended Hamilton High School in Los Angeles and studied under ballet enthusiast Ernest Belcher. While in high school, she was cast in a revival of Show Boat.
Verdon shocked her parents and instructors when she abandoned her budding career at age 17 to elope with reporter James Henaghan in 1942.  In 1945, she appeared as a dancer in the movie musical The Blonde From Brooklyn. After her divorce, she entrusted her son Jimmy to the care of her parents.
Early on, Verdon found a job as assistant to choreographer Jack Cole, whose work was respected by both Broadway and Hollywood movie studios. During her five-year employment with Cole, she took small roles in movie musicals as a "specialty dancer". She also taught dance to stars such as Jane Russell, Fernando Lamas, Lana Turner, Rita Hayworth, Betty Grable and Marilyn Monroe.
Verdon started out on Broadway as a "gypsy", going from one chorus line to another. Her breakthrough role finally came when choreographer Michael Kidd cast her as the second female lead in Cole Porter's musical Can-Can (1953), starring French prima donna Lilo. Out-of-town reviewers hailed Verdon's interpretation of Eve in the Garden of Eden ballet as a performance that upstaged the show's star, who reputedly demanded Verdon's role be cut to only two featured dance numbers. With her role reduced to little more than an ensemble part, Verdon formally announced her intention to quit by the time the show premiered on Broadway. But her opening-night Garden of Eden performance was so well received that the audience screamed her name until the startled actress was brought from her dressing room in her bathrobe to take a curtain call. Verdon received a pay increase and her first Tony Award for her performance.
With her short shock of flaming red hair, the body of a pin-up girl, and a guileless vulnerability on stage and off, Verdon was considered the best dancer on Broadway in the 1950s and 1960s. That reputation solidified during her next show, George Abbott's Damn Yankees (1955), based on the novel The Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant. She would forever be identified with her role as the vampish Lola, and it was on this show that she first worked with Bob Fosse as her choreographer. In the story, Verdon's Lola is a woman who was once "the ugliest woman in Providence, Rhode Island" but sold herself to the Devil to be the beauty we see in the play. The Devil (played by a wryly comic Ray Walston) convinces a baseball fan to sell his soul so he can play for the Washington Senators and win the league pennant in the playoffs. The Devil then employs the seductive Lola to keep the guy ("Joe") from escaping his grasp. The hitch is that Lola falls for the guy and has to choose between her love for him and her beauty pact with the Devil. The musical ran for 1019 performances. Verdon won another Tony and went to Hollywood to repeat her role in the 1958 movie version Damn Yankees, memorably singing "Whatever Lola wants, Lola gets". (Fosse can be seen partnered with her in the original mambo duet "Who's Got the Pain.")
Another Tony came when Verdon memorably played a role associated with Greta Garbo, Eugene O'Neill's Anna Christie, the hard-luck girl fleeing from her past as a prostitute, in the musical New Girl in Town. When Fosse directed as well as choreographed his first Broadway musical, it was the murder-mystery musical Redhead, for which Verdon won her fourth Tony. In 1960, Fosse and Verdon wed.
In 1966, Verdon returned to the stage in the role of Charity in Sweet Charity, which like many of her earlier Broadway triumphs was choreographed and directed by husband Fosse. The show is based on Federico Fellini's screenplay for Nights of Cabiria. But whereas Fellini's black-and-white Italian film concerns the romantic ups and downs of an ever-hopeful prostitute, the musical makes the central character a hoofer-for-hire at a Times Square dance hall. The trademark Fosse showmanship, a dynamite musical score and theatregoers' affection for the exuberant, 41-year-old Verdon put the show over, despite Fellini's source material straining against the sanitized, Broadway storyline. It was followed by a movie version starring  Shirley MacLaine as Charity, featuring Ricardo Montalbán, Sammy Davis Jr. and Chita Rivera, with Fosse at the helm of his very first film as director and choreographer. Characteristically generous, Verdon helped with the choreography. The numbers include the famed "Big Spender," the fast-paced "Rhythm of Life," the witty "If My Friends Could See Me Now," and "I'm a Brass Band," in which MacLaine's Charity marched down the middle of Manhattan's Wall Street district. Verdon would also travel to Berlin to help Fosse with Cabaret, the musical film for which he won an Academy Award for Best Director.
Although estranged as a couple, Verdon and Fosse continued to collaborate on projects such as the musical Chicago (1975) (in which she originated the role of murderess Roxie Hart) and the musical Dancin' (1978), as well as Fosse's autobiographical movie All That Jazz (1979). The helpmate/peer played by Leland Palmer in that film is based on the role Verdon played in Fosse's real life.  She also developed a close working relationship with Fosse's partner, Broadway dancer Ann Reinking, and she instructed for Reinking's musical theatre classes. Reinking can be seen in All That Jazz playing the protagonist's partner, as she was in Fosse's real life. She, as much as Verdon, would become responsible for keeping Fosse's trademark choreography alive after Fosse's death. Reinking played Roxie Hart in the highly successful Broadway revival of Chicago that opened in 1996. She choreographed the dances "in the style of Bob Fosse" for that revival.
After originating the role of Roxie opposite Chita Rivera in Chicago, Verdon focused on film acting, playing character roles in movies such as The Cotton Club (1984), Cocoon (1985) and Cocoon: The Return (1988). She continued to teach dance and musical theater and to act. She received three Emmy Award nominations for appearances on Magnum, P.I. (1988), Dream On (1993) and Homicide: Life on the Street (1993). Verdon appeared as Alice's mother in the Woody Allen movie Alice (1990) and as Ruth in Marvin's Room (1996), co-starring Meryl Streep, Diane Keaton, and Hume Cronyn. In 1999, Verdon served as artistic consultant on a plotless Broadway musical designed to showcase examples of classic Fosse choreography.  Called simply Fosse, the revue was conceived and directed by Richard Maltby Jr and Ann Reinking and choreographed by Reinking and Chet Walker. Verdon's daughter Nicole received a "special thanks" credit. The show received a Tony Award for best musical.
In 1997 Verdon appeared in an episode of Walker Texas Ranger as Maisie Whitman. She later reprised the role in 1999.
Verdon played Alora in the movie Walking Across Egypt (1999) and appeared in the film Bruno, released in 2000. Verdon received a total of four Tonys, for best featured actress for Can-Can (1953) and best leading actress for Damn Yankees (1955), New Girl in Town (1957) and Redhead (1959). She also won a Grammy Award for the cast recording of Redhead.Gwen Verdon was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame in 1981. In 1998, she was awarded the National Medal of Arts.
Verdon was married twice and had two children. She married tabloid reporter James Henaghan in 1942. They had a son, Jim, the following year and divorced in 1947. In 1960, Verdon married choreographer Bob Fosse. They had a daughter, Nicole, in 1963. Fosse's extramarital affairs put a strain on their marriage and, by 1971, Verdon and Fosse were separated but never divorced. Verdon was with Fosse when he suffered a fatal heart attack at the Willard Hotel in Washington, D.C. in January 1987.Verdon was a cat fancier, having up to six cats at one time, with the pets carrying names such as "Feets Fosse", "Junie Moon", and "Tidbits Tumbler Fosse".
On October 18, 2000, Verdon died in her sleep at age 75 of a heart attack at the home of her daughter, Nicole, in Woodstock, Vermont.  Later that night, at 8 p.m., all marquee lights on Broadway were dimmed in a tribute to the actress.
Adderly is a Canadian television adventure-drama series which aired from 1986 to 1988. It was broadcast on both Canadian TV and on CBS in the United States. it starred Vancouver-born Winston Rekert as "charming and witty V.H. Adderly," an operative working for an obscure government intelligence agency.
V.H. Adderly (Rekert) is a secret agent for an organization known as the I.S.I (International Security and Intelligence). Before the series begins, an enemy agent, Victor Barinov, crushes Adderly's left hand with a medieval mace during an interrogation in East Germany. Adderly loses the use of the hand, and since he is no longer considered useful as an active agent, he is reassigned to the I.S.I.'s tiny Department of Miscellaneous Affairs, located in a small basement office. This is meant to be a sort of "good service" reward for Adderly, as his supposedly cushy Miscellaneous Affairs job is mostly concerned with mundane in-house administrative paperwork. During the series, Adderly consistently finds ways to use his vague, non-specific status as a representative of "Miscellaneous Affairs" to actively investigate anything the I.S.I. has overlooked, and regularly goes above and beyond his mundane duties to uncover and neutralize dread plots that the larger organization has failed to investigate.Miscellaneous Affairs is officially run by Melville Greenspan (Welsh), a man fastidiously devoted to bureaucracy and unwilling to allow Adderly the freedom to pursue his outside interests.  The only other departmental staff member is Mona Ellerby (Seatle), Greenspan's over-qualified secretary who is addicted to adventure and romance novels.  Greenspan's superior is Major Jonathan B. Clack (Pogue), who is in charge of the I.S.I. as a whole, and is responsible for Adderly's reassignment from active field operations to Miscellaneous Affairs.
Through the course of the 44-episode run, Adderly repeatedly demonstrates his ability to perform the duties of an active field agent, even saving the life of Major Clack himself.  This only confirms to Clack that Adderly is an important asset at his current post.  It is implied that Clack may have created the Department of Miscellaneous Affairs to allow Adderly the freedom and flexibility to pursue various cases which the I.S.I. couldn't normally handle.
Adderly aired from September 1986 through May 1987 (its first season) in the 11:30pm CBS Late Night slot on the CBS network.  For the second season (beginning in August 1987), the show's popularity prompted CBS to run episodes in prime time, but there was little promotion and the show didn't do well in the ratings.  CBS moved the show back to the 11:30pm time slot in September 1987 where it remained until the series ended. Canadian broadcasts of the series did not commence until January 1987.
Gosling (previously known as Loudermilk) was an American rock band formed in Tri-Cities, Washington. The band was composed of Davey Ingersoll (vocals, guitar), Mark Watrous (guitar, later keyboards), Shane Middleton (bass) and Isaac Carpenter (drums, percussion). As Loudermilk, formed in 1995, the group released two albums; the independently released Man with Gun Kills Three! (1998) and then major label debut The Red Record (2002), and toured with Megadeth and Mötley Crüe. Loudermilk appeared in an episode of Dawson's Creek (Season 6, Episode 12) under the stylized name "LoudMilk" performing "Rock 'N' Roll & The Teenage Desperation" on stage. They also performed "Elekt" on the TV show Charmed.The group later, in 2004, changed both their name and music style and were then known as Gosling. They went on to release a self titled EP, through The Control Group in 2004 and their final album, Here Is..., through V2, in 2006. They played shows with Velvet Revolver and Rose Hill Drive before eventually disbanding.
In 1995, friends Davey Ingersoll (vocals, guitar), Mark Watrous (guitar), Shane Middleton (bass) and Issac Carpenter (drums) formed the hard rock quartet Loudermilk in Tri-Cities, Washington. They released their own album, Man with Gun Kills Three!, independently in 1998. After hearing an unauthorized demo, American Recordings subsequently signed the group. Commenting on the demoes, Ingersoll stated that the demo was made just to get songs down and that "It was something [he] didn't even want people to hear". Despite touring with groups such as Mötley Crüe and Megadeth, they were dropped from the label. Speaking about the group being dropped from the label, Ingersoll stated:
DreamWorks Records signed them in early 2002. Several months later, they recorded and released their first official major label album, The Red Record.
In 2004, Loudermilk changed their name to Gosling, after changing their musical style, retaining all members with Watrous switching from guitar to keyboards. Influenced by the likes of Sunny Day Real Estate, The Smashing Pumpkins, Pink Floyd and Queen, they released the Gosling EP through The Control Group in August 2004. Earlier in the year, they supported Velvet Revolver at The Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood, California. They released their debut full-length Here Is... in 2006 through V2 and went on to tour with Rose Hill Drive.A cover of David Bowie's "Cat People (Putting Out Fire)" was included on the soundtrack to the film Underworld: Evolution in 2006.
Drummer Carpenter went on to perform with a number of groups such as The Exies, Ours, Seaspin and Black Lab among others. In 2009, became the drummer for Loaded, the band fronted by Velvet Revolver and former Guns N' Roses bassist Duff McKagan, replacing previous drummer Geoff Reading. In September 2010, the group completed the recording of their new album which was produced by Terry Date.Guitar player and keyboardist Mark Watrous has since functioned as a studio musician and a touring member of Shudder To Think, The Raconteurs, The Shins, Brendan Benson, Karen Elson, The Greenhornes and Cory Chisel & The Wandering Sons. In 2010 he released a split 7" under his own name with Canadian singer/songwriter Hannah Georgas as well as a 7" with Brendan Benson as the fictional duo Well & Goode. He is now the frontman for the Nashville-based Earl Burrows.
Masato Hagiwara (萩原 聖人, Hagiwara Masato, born August 21, 1971) is a Japanese actor, voice actor, narrator and professional mahjong player.
Hagiwara co-starred in Kiyoshi Kurosawa's Cure with Kōji Yakusho. He also appeared in Hou Hsiao-hsien's Café Lumière and had a starring role in Junji Sakamoto's Out of This World.
Life Begins at Eighty is an American panel discussion series which aired from January 1950 to February 1956.
The show first aired on NBC on January 13, 1950, then on DuMont from March 21, 1952, to July 24, 1955, and finally on ABC. The last show was aired on ABC on February 25, 1956. In its ABC run, Life Begins at Eighty was aired opposite two anthology series, Appointment with Adventure on CBS and The Loretta Young Show on NBC. Prior to its television run, the show began on radio in 1948.
The show was hosted by Jack Barry, and consisted of viewers at home writing questions for the octogenarian panel to answer. There were usually four panelists; the two permanent spots on the panel were given to Broadway actress Georgiana Carhart, and Fred Stein, cousin of writer and poet Gertrude Stein.
Life Begins at Eighty was a spin-off of the popular panel discussion series Juvenile Jury, in which young children answered questions from the viewers at home. The panels were combined in Wisdom of the Ages, which ran on DuMont from December 1952 to June 1953.
The series was parodied in a Sesame Street game show sketch starring Guy Smiley titled, Happiness Begins at 40.
One episode is in the collection of the Paley Center for Media, and two episodes are held in the J. Fred MacDonald collection at the Library of Congress.
David Weinstein, The Forgotten Network: DuMont and the Birth of American Television (Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 2004) ISBN 1-59213-245-6
Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh, The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network TV Shows, Third edition (New York: Ballantine Books, 1964) ISBN 0-345-31864-1
Robert Guy Voight (March 26, 1921 – May 26, 2008) was an American professor at Oral Roberts University. He was the faculty member that has served the longest at Oral Roberts University, as of May 7, 2009. Voight, who served 41 years, was followed by Howard M. Ervin, who served 40 years on the faculty.
Dr. Robert Guy Voight [was] ... presented with [a] faculty emeritus award by Interim President Dr. Ralph Fagin ... during the ceremony. Dr. Voight, currently the director of Faculty Records, began teaching at ORU in the 1960s.
He graduated from Sapulpa High. In 1941 he was ordained and started his 67 years of Ministry with revivals and speaking engagements. He led a church in Siloam Springs, AR for 5 years until 1959 and then moved to Tulsa, OK where he was pastor at Central Assembly of God Church at 5th and Peoria. Robert earned his Bachelor of Arts Degree from John Brown University, Suma Cumae Laud. He earned his Master of Arts Degree from University of Arkansas and his Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Arkansas. In 1967 he was invited to join Oral Roberts University. The next 41 years he served in the following capacities; Professor of English, Chair of English Department, Dean and Vice President of Student Affairs, Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences, Dean of Instruction and Vice Provost of Academic affairs. He was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Delta Kappa, Alpha Epsilon Delta Honors Societies. For 25 years he taught Oral Robert's course "Holy Spirit in the Now". He had a single message that he continued to share with his sixteen thousand plus students, "God loves you." Upon retirement in May 2008, Oral Roberts University honored Dr. Robert Voight with Professor Emeritus Standing. 
Voight died of a bladder cancer on May 26, 2008 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, at the age of 87. He was buried on May 29, 2008 in Green Hill Memorial Gardens Cemetery in Sapulpa, Oklahoma.
HMS Swale (K217) was a River-class frigate of the Royal Navy (RN) from 1942–1955, loaned to the South African Navy for six months at the end of the Second World War.
Swale was built to the RN's specifications as a Group I River-class frigate. She was laid down at Smiths Dock Co., South Bank-on-Tees on 19 August 1941 and launched on 16 January 1942. The ship was commissioned into the RN on 24 June 1942 as K 217 and named for the River Swale in Yorkshire, England.
Swale saw extensive service on convoy escort missions and experienced some of the worst days of the Battle of the Atlantic. In March 1943 she was SO (Senior Officer's ship) of the Escort Group (EG) B5, escorting the slow convoy 
SC 122  from New York to Liverpool. Of the 51 merchant ships in the convoy, 10 returned to port unable to ride a violent storm; three days later another eight were sunk by U-boats.
Swale was to have better fortunes two months later. Escorting slow convoy ONS 7  bound for Halifax, Canada, she sank the German submarine U-657 off Cape Farewell, Greenland on the night of 17 May. The U-boat had earlier torpedoed the 5,196 GRT steamer Aymeric, the last British cargo ship in the Atlantic to be sunk that month, claiming the lives of 53 men. Under the command of Lieutenant Commander John Jackson, DSC, RNR, Swale moved 6,000 metres (6,600 yd) astern of the doomed Aymeric and made ASDIC (sonar) contact. After a succession of depth charge and Hedgehog attacks, she was rewarded with the sound of several loud explosions and the appearance of burning oil on the surface. The convoy continued to Canada without further loss.
On 10 July 1943 Swale sailed Gibraltar to rendezvous with the small, fast Convoy Faith (one of the 'Winston Specials')  en route from Greenock in Scotland to Freetown, Sierra Leone. The convoy had comprised two troopships, the California and the Canadian Pacific liner Duchess of York, and the transport Port Fairy, (which was carrying ammunition), escorted by three warships. At about 2000 hrs on 11 July while 300 miles (480 km) west of Vigo, the convoy was subjected to a devastating air attack by three Focke-Wulf Fw 200 Condor aircraft from Merignac airfield near Bordeaux. By the time Swale arrived at 2235 hrs, both California and Duchess of York had been hit, set on fire, and abandoned, to be sunk later by torpedoes from their escorts. Swale too was attacked by the Condors, bombs falling just 20 yards (18 m) astern. After making an A/S sweep, Swale was ordered to escort Port Fairy, which had escaped unscathed, to Casablanca, ahead of the other escorts which were still searching for survivors. On the evening of the next day, the two ships were attacked by two Fw 200s returning from a reconnaissance mission off the Portuguese coast. Despite the interception and strafing of the Condors by two US Navy PBY Catalinas  Port Fairy was hit on her port quarter by a 50 kg (110 lb) bomb which started a fire next to her magazine. Swale came alongside, took off 64 survivors from the two troopships together with eight passengers, and helped extinguish the blaze with her hoses. Port Fairy was repaired at Casablanca and remained in service until 1965.
On 6 April 1944, while escorting the slow convoy SC 156 from Halifax, Canada to Loch Ewe, Scotland, Swale sank  U-302  with depth charges northwest of the Azores after the U-boat penetrated the escort screen and sank the Norwegian merchantmen  Ruth 1  and South America.
Swale was loaned to the South African Navy on 26 June 1945 as HMSAS Swale (K217) but returned to the RN in January 1946. She was scrapped on 26 February 1955.
Rootha Na Karo is a 1970 Bollywood romantic thriller directed by Sunder Dar. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Nanda in lead roles. It was a moderate success at the box office.
Neeta (Nanda) lives along with her widowed mother (Sulochana Latkar) and her cousin Naina (Kumari Naaz). Sudheer (Shashi Kapoor) was a poor young man and her long term friend, now her fiancé. They both love each other deeply and Neeta's mother gives her consent for their marriage. But Naina always warns Neeta about Sudhir's intentions and says that he only loves her for her money. Neeta wouldn't listen to her and deeply trusts Sudhir.
She has another cousin Anil, who has passion for stage and theater. He is also friends with Sudhir and highly recommends him. Naina always tries to poison Neeta's mind by telling various examples of how charming young men play the game of love to cheat innocent young woman to steal away their property and succeeds to instill a bit of fear in Neeta's mind. One day, she takes Neeta to a lawyer, where Sudheer was preparing property documents. Naina tells Reeta that Sudheer was trying to change Neeta's property to his name. Reeta confronts Sudheer about that, but it is revealed that Sudheer was preparing documents to transfer everything to Anil, as he doesn't want to touch a penny of Neeta's money.
Neeta feels bad for insulting him like that, but Sudhir, feeling hurt, goes away. At last after a confrontation, Naina reveals that she always wanted Sudheer for herself and as Sudheer didn't reciprocate her feelings, she tried to separate him from Neeta by saying poisonous things to Neeta. She takes poison and dies in the hands of Neeta, telling her that she shouldn't lose a good person like Sudheer. Neeta rushes back to Sudheer and gives him an apology and requests him not to leave her. Anil also comes there and reveals how Naina poisoned her mind. At last, Sudheer is pacified and embraces Neeta.
Edward Bennett Williams (May 31, 1920 – August 13, 1988) was a  Washington, D.C. trial attorney who founded the law firm of Williams & Connolly and owned several professional sports teams. He was born in Hartford, Connecticut and studied law at Georgetown University.
He represented many high-profile clients, including Sam Giancana,  John Hinckley, Jr., Frank Sinatra, financier Robert Vesco, Playboy publisher Hugh Hefner, spy Igor Melekh, Jimmy Hoffa, organized crime figure Frank Costello, oil commodity trader Marc Rich, U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy, corporate raider Victor Posner, Michael Milken, The Washington Post newspaper and the Reverend Sun Myung Moon.
Williams, who was a graduate of the College of the Holy Cross and Georgetown University Law Center, successfully defended – among others – Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., the Teamsters Union, John Connally and, as one of his last clients, Michael Milken.
Two of Williams' closest friends were The Washington Post's Art Buchwald and Ben Bradlee. His debating team partner at Holy Cross was Robert Maheu, Howard Hughes's right-hand man for many years.
Before establishing Williams & Connolly in 1967 with his friend and student Paul Connolly, he worked at the prominent, D.C.-based law firm of Hogan & Hartson from 1945 to 1949.
In one of the definitive biographies on Williams, author Evan Thomas wrote: "Because of his connections and his vast store of inside knowledge, some observers speculated that he was Deep Throat, the legendary source for Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, the resourceful Post reporters who broke the story tying the White House to the break-in." It was later revealed that the anonymous source known as Deep Throat was FBI associate director Mark Felt.
Williams bought a stake in the Washington Redskins from the estate of founding owner George Preston Marshall in the 1960s. He along with Jack Kent Cooke owned the Redskins until 1985 when Williams sold his share in the team to Cooke.  Williams bought the Baltimore Orioles in 1980.  At the same time, he bought back the shares that had been sold to the public in 1935 while the team was still in St. Louis as the Browns, making the franchise privately held once again.  Under his ownership, the team won its most recent World Series, in 1983.  Williams did have the honor of owning the Super Bowl XVII winning Redskins and the World Series winning Orioles in the same year, 1983.
When Williams purchased the Orioles from Jerold Hoffberger for $12 million on August 2, 1979, many feared he would move the team to Washington. Baltimore had previously lost the Baltimore Bullets  to Washington. The fear of Williams moving the team increased with the 1984 departure of the Baltimore Colts.   However, Williams never moved the team.  More importantly, Williams signed a new long term lease with Baltimore that would pay for a new stadium, which would become Oriole Park at Camden Yards. He would not live to see the new ballpark (it opened in 1992, four years after his death). The Orioles were sold by Williams' wife Agnes to Eli Jacobs, Larry Lucchino and Sargent and Bobby Shriver for $70 million on December 5, 1988, just under four months after his death.
Among Williams' many real estate holdings was the Jefferson Hotel, a 98-room luxury hotel located near the White House and favored by many sport and political figures in the 1980s/1990s.
Williams died at age 68 at Georgetown University Hospital on August 13, 1988 after a 12-year battle with colon cancer. His funeral was attended by most of Washington's power elite, including then-Vice President George H. W. Bush. He is buried in St. Gabriel Cemetery in Potomac, Maryland.
In a final testament to Williams’ reach and influence, his funeral was attended by an incredible range of the famous and infamous. Some of those present were Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, baseball legend Joe DiMaggio, boxing champion Sugar Ray Leonard, NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle, Eunice Kennedy and Sargent Shriver, and Michael Milken (of the famous 1980’s junk-bond scandal).  In the words of biographer Evan Thomas, “over two thousand mourners had gathered, filling the immense nave and spilling out onto the street which was lined with black limousines. Senators and Supreme Court justices, felons and bookmakers, waiters and doormen, billionaires, professional ball players, and Georgetown society jammed under the domed ceiling to sit before the plain mahogany casket.”
The Edward Bennett Williams Law Library at Georgetown University Law Center is named in his honor. The senior apartments residence hall at the College of the Holy Cross is also named in his honor.
Edward Bennett Williams married Dorothy Guider in 1949.  They had three children: Joseph, Ellen, and Bennett.  Guider died in 1959. In June 1960, Williams married Agnes Neill and had four children: Edward, Dana, Anthony, and Kimberly. Agnes Neill Williams worked as an attorney for the Williams & Connolly law firm. She now lives in Potomac, Maryland and serves on the Board of Advisors of the Georgetown Center for Liturgy.
Krebs, Albin (1988-08-14). "Edward Bennett Williams, 68, Influential Trial Lawyer, Dies; A Brilliant 'Superlawyer'". The New York Times.
Amira Medunjanin (née Dedić; born 23 April 1972) is a female singer from Bosnia and Herzegovina and interpreter of sevdalinka.
Medunjanin was born in Sarajevo and her fascination with the Music of Bosnia and Herzegovina led her to devote herself to creating a unique voice within sevdalinka.Singer, humanitarian, and global ambassador for both the culture and music of her native Bosnia & Herzegovina and the wider Balkan region, Medunjanin has been described as, ''one of the great voices of her generation'' (Observer) with a voluptuous sound that, ''hovers enticingly between East and West'' (Uncut).In 2003 Medunjanin recorded her first single "Mujo đogu po mejdanu voda" as a guest singer on Mostar Sevdah Reunion album.After guesting on Mostar Sevdah Reunion's album A Secret Gate in 2003, Medunjanin recorded her debut album Rosa, on Snail Records in 2005. The album was excellently received in Great Britain and throughout Europe and was among the candidates for the album of the year. In April 2009 she released her Live album, a recording of a concert held at the Jazz Fest Sarajevo in 2008. In March 2010 the studio album Zumra was released, which fused contemporary accordion and arrangements to traditional melody, lyrics and vocal styling. The album Amulette was released by Harmonia Mundi / World Village on October 3, 2011.The next album Silk and Stone was released by Aquarius Records in May 2014. The album received some good reviews in British media; The Guardian  awarded 4* to the album, noting Medunjanin's “intimate, pained and gently compelling voice”  and Nigel Williamson has described the album as a “career-defining third album from Bosnia’s finest export” in Uncut.
On her next album Damar  as in all her previous productions, Amira drew from Sevdah, the “beating heart” of Balkan music, reviving ancestral Balkan songs, whilst for the first time introducing new compositions and once again the Serbian pianist Bojan Z  provides musical and production skills. The album was ranked among the 40 best in the world for 2017 by Transglobal World Music Chart.On her most recent album, Ascending, Medunjanin is once again attracted to the source of traditional Sevdah with a new revival of the rebellious songs with TrondheimSolisten, and for the second time introduces a new composition into her visual repertoire.
Tarzoon: Shame of the Jungle (French: Tarzoon, la honte de la jungle) is a 1975 adult-oriented French/Belgian animated film directed by cartoonist Picha and Boris Szulzinger. The film was the first foreign-animated film to receive both an X rating and wide distribution in the United States.An English dub was released in 1979 where the English cast consists of Johnny Weissmuller, Jr., John Belushi, Bill Murray, Christopher Guest, and Brian Doyle-Murray.
The film takes place in the deepest part of Africa - "Bush Country". The evil, bald, and multi-breasted Queen Bazonga, who resides in a blimp, inside a cave shaped like a women's legs spread open revealing her vagina, plans to conquer Earth. Before she can do that, however, she wishes to have a full set of hair so people can take her seriously. Her two-headed assistant, called the Charles Of The Pits, suggests a "scalp transplant", an experiment where someone else's hair is transplanted to another person's head. Bazonga demands that she wants the hair of June, the maid of Shame: Ruler of the jungle. Bazonga sends out her penis soldiers to kidnap June.
Meanwhile, that night, June kicks out Shame from their home after another night of unsuccessful sex. She ends up sleeping with Flicka, Shame's monkey pal. The next morning, Bazonga's soldiers barge in and kidnap June, but only after they have an orgy with her. Shame hears June's screams and comes to her rescue, but he is too late. Shame eventually decides to save his mate and immediately sets out on his quest with Flicka.
As he swings through the jungle, an airplane crashes in a giant mud pit, containing a crew of four explorers set out to find Shame. The crew include the eccentric Professor Cedric Addlepate, the ditzy Stella Starlet, the grumbling Brutish (who only wants to find Shame for fame), and his assistant Short, a nervous black man. As the crew wander through the jungle, they eventually find Shame. Before they can get acquainted, Brutish and Short step in to take Shame back to the plane, leaving the Professor to be eaten alive by savage monkeys known as "Molar Men" while Stella is tied up to a tree. The Molar Men catch up with Brutish and Short and eat them both. They free Shame from the cage, but only to try and eat him. Shame gets saved by a beer-guzzling frat boy named Craig Baker who flies on a carpet run by a flock of birds. After a lengthy conversation with Shame, Craig gets drunk and falls off the carpet. Shame also falls off, but is saved by Flicka.
Shame and Flicka eventually make it to Bazonga's lair. Flicka is told to stay behind while Shame goes to get June. Unfortunately, he has caught Bazonga's soldiers while they were on a practice drill. Shame is taken to Bazonga, who tries to convince Shame to join her side and rule the world with her. Shame says he only wants June, which enrages Bazonga. Shame runs off to find June, who is about to receive the scalp transplant from the bickering Charles Of The Pits. Bazonga's soldiers try to stop Shame, which results in the blimp moving and main generator exploding, which sends the place on fire. Bazonga cannot escape from the fire in her office. Shame sees this and saves her by igniting the Emergency Fire Alarm, which sends out more of Bazonga's soldiers to cover themselves in condoms and dive inside Bazonga's vagina until she explodes. One of the heads on the Charles Of The Pits kills the other while in a heated conversation. Shocked by this, the other head sets June free. They try to escape, but the Charles Of The Pits is killed by acid semen shooting all over the place.
Shame eventually finds June, who keeps bickering to Shame while they find a way to escape the blimp, as it drills its way out of the cave and flies all around the jungle. The two find an emergency two-seated parachute, and spring out of the blimp, which finally crashes onto Bazonga's cave, destroying it forever. As June kisses Shame for his bravery, they both spot Stella Starlet, who becomes the leader of the Molar Men, and plans to conquer Hollywood.
A 15-minute pilot was shown at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival, and the film was finished by September 1975. The following year, the estate of Edgar Rice Burroughs sued the producer of Tarzoon and 20th Century Fox, the film's distributor in France, for alleged plagiarism. The estate lost the case after the French court determined the film was a legitimate parody.In 1978, the film was imported into the United States by International Harmony and Stuart S. Shapiro. Shapiro recalls telling customs that the film was a work in progress and it would be edited to be suitable for theatrical release in the U.S. He did not remember any problems bringing the film into the country. The distributor encountered problems finding theaters willing to show the X rated version of the film. The film ended up making a profit in San Francisco, but was largely unsuccessful in other towns. Much of its success was credited to International Harmony's ad campaign created by writer Edwin Heaven who used the film's disadvantage (rated X) to its marketing advantage; radio ads and giant posters plastered all over San Francisco proclaimed: "YOU'RE GOING TO LAUGH YOUR X OFF!" Eventually, the film was reedited and dubbed. After several changes, the distributor persuaded the MPAA to change the film's rating to an R. The R rated version of the film featured new dialogue performed by American actors and comedians such as John Belushi, Adolph Caesar, Brian Doyle-Murray, Judy Graubart, Bill Murray and Johnny Weissmuller Jr.
The Burroughs estate filed another lawsuit demanding that the name of the film be changed when their lawyer found a New York State statute covering disillusion of trademark. They argued that Tarzan was a wholesome trademark and that the current product degraded the character's name. A judge agreed. The suit was filed three weeks into the film's New York run. The title was shortened to Shame of the Jungle, and the "Tarzoon" character name was altered by cutting the name out of the soundtrack negative and splicing it back into the soundtrack upside down. According to Shapiro, the film did not do as well at the box office, because audiences were attracted to the "Tarzoon" name.
The film was originally released on VHS by Media Home Entertainment in 1979, which is extremely hard to find. The movie released on DVD in the UK by Lace DVD on 31 January 2011. There are no plans to release the film officially on DVD in North America, although there are unofficial DVDs being sold online.
The R-rated version of the film received negative reviews. Vincent Canby of The New York Times said that the film was an "unsuccessful attempt to parody the life and adventures of Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan." Tam Allen in The Village Voice called the film "an uncomfortably accurate reflection of that civic eyesore known as toilet art," and compared it unfavorably to Fritz the Cat and Down and Dirty Duck. Playboy praised the film's artwork, but felt that the film became "monotonous after a good start — still, in the off-the-wall category, the most literate prurient and amusing challenge to community standards since Fritz the Cat."
Marianne de Boer, later known as Marjan Unger (11 February 1946 – 27 June 2018), was a Dutch art historian.  She acquired a public reputation as the author of a standard work on Dutch jewellery and as a jewelry collector.
Marianne de Boer was born into an entrepreneurial family, as she like remind people exactly nine months after the liberation.  She was born and grew up at Bussum, a small town located between Amsterdam and Utrecht, and close to the (subsequently reclaimed) southern part of the Zuiderzee.   Marianne was one of three children in the family: her father was a contractor for the hydraulic engineering sector.   At school she excelled in Mathematics.   She studied Industrial Design at the Arts and Crafts Academy ("Kunstrijverheidschool", but subsequently renamed) in Amsterdam between 1964 and 1967,  but never completed her course.   It was here that she met the artist-designer Gerard Unger whom she married in 1968.    At the academy she suffered terribly from headaches which were diagnosed provisionally as "migraine-related".   The academy was housed in a brand new building with modern plastic ceilings, carpet block flooring and a permanent smell of "paint" in the air.   Ten years later it would be determined that the headaches were part of an allergic reaction to the chemical gases given off by the exotic materials used in the interior construction of the modern academy building.Marjan Unger's drive to find out everything about art remained undimmed, and after the birth of Flora, the couple's daughter, she again became a student, studying art history at the University of Amsterdam between 1974 and 1987.   She combined this with a teaching job at the Amsterdam Fashion Academy of which she became a director in 1973 and where, according to her husband she brought about a change of culture by attracting guest-lecturers from industry.    Unger left the Amsterdam academy in 1977, but teaching was a recurring theme throughout her career.   She later taught both at the Rotterdam Art Academy and, between 1982 and 2006, at the Rietveld Academie.A compulsive communicator, between 1980 and 1989 Unger was editor in chief of "Bijvoorbeeld", a magazine focusing on creative and applied arts which according to one admirer she "transformed from a rather dusty magazine into a lively and critical [post-modern avant-gardist] periodical".   In 1995 she took a position at Amsterdam's "Sandberg Institute", teaching a post graduate course on what she termed "Vrije vormgeving" (loosely, "free design") which placed her at the heart of a rapidly shifting three-way interface between art, design and commerce.
It was around 1995 that Marjan Unger's passion for jewelry came to the fore.  She launched herself on more than a decade of intensive research.   She also began to build up a jewelry collection of her own, many of her purchases consciously supporting younger innovative designers working outside the mainstream jewelry industry.   She did not hesitate, on occasion, to wear one of her more unconventional pieces, giving rise to "how do you dare wear that?" reactions.   In 2002 Unger organised the "Zonder wrijving geen glans" (loosely, "no shine without friction") jewelry exhibition at the Utrecht Art Museum ("Centraal Museum"), which provided a showcase for her findings on the - till now little researched or chronicled - Dutch jewelry industry during the first two thirds of the twentieth century.   Her first book appeared two years later.   "Het Nederlandse sieraad in de 20ste eeuw", published in 2004, dealt with the Dutch jewelry business during the twentieth century, thereby filling a perceived gap in the academic literature.   It might be described (and has been) as a "bulky standard work" ("...het lijvige standaardwerk van haar hand").   She also agreed to produce a new arts magazine aimed at arts students.  Roughly 20,000 copies appeared twice yearly between 2004 and 2008 under the title "Morf", and provided a mixture of old and new texts giving wider context for Unger's lectures, and those of colleagues.Continuing with her researches led to the award of her doctorate from Leiden University on 17 March 2010.  Her dissertation was entitled "Sieraad in context, een multidisciplinair kader voor de beschouwing van het sieraad" (loosely, "Jewelry in context: a multi-disciplinary framework for evaluating jewels").   At the same time as she was completing her doctoral dissertation Marjan Unger and her husband made a substantial donation of 492 pieces of jewelry from her collection to the Dutch National Museum ("Rijksmuseum") in Amsterdam.   The pieces donated included items she had commissioned from known designers but also many pieces produced by unknown artists from outside the jewelry mainstream.   Alongside the jewelry collection, items donated also included a large collection of ABBA button-badges and some coin-based jewelry.Personal tragedy struck in 2012 when the Ungers' only child was killed by cancer.   Gerard Unger had by now established himself internationally as a typeface designer as a result of which Flora Unger-Weisfelt is celebrated by an unusual memorial.   An "upright sans italic" font was named after her in 1984.Marjan Unger's second book, "Jewellery Matters", was written jointly with the Rijksmuseum curator Suzanne van Leeuwen and was published in 2017.   In 2017 Unger handed over another 200 pieces, described by sources as "the rest of her collection", to the Rijksmuseum.   She told an interviewer that this had always been her intention, but the discovery of her incurable metastatic bone cancer had hastened the action.
Niscemi is a little town and comune in the province of Caltanissetta, Sicily, Italy. It has a population of 27,558. It is located not far from Gela and Caltagirone and 90 km from Catania.
The name Niscemi is derived from the Arabic word نَشَم neshem or its singular form نَشَمَة neshemeh, this being the name of a particular type of tree.
During World War II, Niscemi was the location of Ponte Olivo Airfield, a military airfield used by the United States Twelfth Air Force during the Italian campaign. After the war the area was redeveloped and no evidence of the wartime airfield remains.
Today, there is a military radio station for naval communication, U.S. Naval Radio Transmitter Facility (NRTF) Niscemi. Its tallest antenna is a guyed mast, 252 metres (827 ft) high, situated at 37°7'32"N 14°26'11"E.
The United States Navy installation is the focus of ongoing protest by locally based activist groups, who oppose it and demand its removal on grounds of health (danger from electromagnetic radiation), environmental damage and opposition to the use of  armed drones in the Middle East, allegedly guided from this base. Allegations of armed drones being operated from this base has never been verified however, as the newly installed MUOS (Mobile User Objective System) was intended as an upgrade to legacy communication equipment, and is not intended to communicate with unmanned flying drones. Niscemi inhabitants say the Berlusconi government did not consult them before granting the US the use of the location.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research Agency website http://www.afhra.af.mil/.
Maurer, Maurer. Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Maxwell AFB, Alabama: Office of Air Force History, 1983. ISBN 978-0-912799-02-5
A launch is an open motorboat. The forward part of the launch may be covered. Prior to the era of engines on small craft, a launch was the largest boat carried on a sailing vessel, powered by sail or by oars. In competitive rowing, a launch is a motorized boat used by the coach during training.
Originally a launch was the largest boat carried by a warship in the age of sail. The word comes from the Spanish lancha ("barge") and Portuguese, from Malay lancaran ("boat"), from lancar ("velocity without effort").In the Age of Sail, a ship carried a variety of ship's boats of different sizes and used for different purposes. In addition to the launch, examples include the jolly boat, captain's gig, pinnace, and cutter. Distinctions among the smaller vessels were clear, both in design and purpose. In the age of motorized ships, these distinctions of size and purpose have largely disappeared, but the terms continue in use.
During the Demak Sultanate attack on Portuguese Malacca of 1513, lancaran were used as armed troop transports for landing alongside penjajap and kelulus, as the Javanese junks were too large to approach shore.In the 18th century, a launch was used to set the large anchors on a ship. The launch of that era had a square transom and was about 24 feet long. In 1788 Captain Bligh was set adrift in Bounty’s launch.
On the River Thames the term "launch" is used to mean any motorised pleasure boat. The usage arises from the legislation governing the management of the Thames and laying down the categories of boats and the tolls for which they were liable.
Motor launch was the designation for large (typically 60-to-115-foot or 18-to-35-metre long) vessels used in the Second World War by the Royal Navy and some other navies. They were used for inshore work in defending the coast from submarines and carried relatively light armament: a few depth charges, a gun and a few machine guns.
In competitive rowing the term "launch" is used to refer to any motorized boat used by the coach to follow practicing boats during workouts.
The term Facebook diplomacy was coined sometime in October 2008 in casual notes exchanged on Twitter, in connection to U.S. President Barack Obama's electoral political campaign's keen use of Facebook and other social network websites. The term Facebook diplomacy was further introduced and elaborated to describe the potential 'soft power' that can be created with Internet social networking tools like Facebook to counter terrorism, and interfere with repressive governments and militant groups in a discussion at a social networking and technology conference in December 2008 in New York. 
During the December conference in New York, the United States Undersecretary of Public Diplomacy, James Glassman said, "New technology gives the United States and other free nations a significant advantage over terrorists." In his presentation at New York's Columbia University Law School, he went on to illustrate how Facebook diplomacy and on-line activism created success through the use of Facebook groups and the use of the platform to create activism and cause global awareness relative to issues in Colombia against the infamous FARC rebels.
In general, Facebook diplomacy is a user created hybrid of public diplomacy and citizen diplomacy as applied in the Facebook social networking platform.  Other terms that have also evolved in this diplomacy category include Twitter diplomacy, Google diplomacy and digital diplomacy.In March 2009 some Facebook users started a Facebook users group called MUNSNE, (Model United Nations, Social Network Embassy) which changed their name to Globcal International in May. Their founding principles engaged the further development and refinement of public and citizen diplomacy as it applies for use within the Facebook Platform with the developed introduction of protocol, principles, and a best practice guide based on several ISO-like standards relative to writing, and public presentation. Globcal's public diplomacy concept differs from that of the US State Department because it offers a broad global democratic world-view instead of the United States propagandized perception as described in some public diplomacy descriptions.
Facebook ambassador is a generic term representation as an idiom or neologism that can be attributed to individual users on Facebook who have developed a Facebook page presence and professional representation on Facebook as an 'ambassador' of 'networking' that promote their agendas in a general socially beneficial manner and ideally a cooperative way in their representative appearance to other Facebook users by following Facebook best practices, strictly adhering to Facebook's policies, and by following selective hybridized protocols conducive to the generation of compounded social networking activity as a virtual communitarian, and peacemaker to promote multiple social causes and other socially beneficial activities.
The 'Facebook Ambassadors' of public and citizen diplomacy include over 200 ambassadors from 87 countries that each maintain a public profile or fan page and together maintain many popular Facebook pages (on-line electronic publications) like Goodwill Ambassadors, Ambassadors of the World, Peace and Goodwill, and Age of Aquarius which collectively have nearly 250,000 subscribers.Alternatively, Facebook ambassador may also refer to Facebook Garage Ambassadors who are dedicated to the technical aspect of Facebook development. Research 'Facebook Developer Garage' and 'Garage-In-A-Box'.
Pat O'May (born 1961) is a French musician who blends rock music with elements of world music. He originally worked with the heavy metal band Marienthal, and also produced several solo albums. He has written over 100 tracks for the TV show European coast seen from the sky. He participated in Alan Simon's rock operas Anne de Bretagne, Excalibur: The Celtic Rock Opera and started working with Martin Barre touring and recording with him.
O'May was born in Rouen, France. As a teenager, he was a fan of rock music and R&B from the Osmond Brothers, but the album Machine Head by Deep Purple inspired him to become a hard rock guitarist. He joined the heavy metal band Marienthal about 1982. He gave guitar lessons and took himself from Patrick Duplan which made him explore classical music, blues, and bossa nova. Marienthal toured France, England, and Algeria, and opened for acts such as Girlschool, Alvin Lee, and Chariot. After conflicts with their manager, the band split in 1987. 
O'May continues touring with the group Road 66 across France but playing in bars led to excesses. O'May decides to put an end to this drift during a tour in Belfort He stayed in Belfort where he met the band Ange well as drummer Peter Hartmann and bassist Alain De Bernardi whom he refounded the second group Road 66. They turned in eastern France and Germany.O'May moved to Brittany in 1989. After a third group experience with Road 66 and the sound of Bretons concerts and bals, he released his first solo album, Bob Up, in 1994, with Bretons renowned musicians (Alain Genty, Michel Aumont, Fred Guichen, Stéphane De Vito).
Godin, a French guitar distributor, chose him as its spokesperson. In 1995, he was invited by the Festival "Cannes Passion Music" in Cannes for master classes. This allows him to meet musicians and even play with the rhythm section of Joe Satriani in a closing concert (Stuart Hamm, Rudy Roberts, Jonathan Mover). In 1996, he developed his universe with the album Kids & the War, wherein he joined Celtic instruments (Scottish Snare drum, uilleann pipes).
He recorded his third album, Breizh - Amerika, where refined his ideas of fusing rock and with traditional sounds, adding Celtic music, and involving French guitarist Norbert Krief. He had the album mixed by Guns N' Roses guitarist Ron Thal in New York City, and released it in 1999.
In 2002, O'May produced the album Un Souffle Pour la Vie (Breath for Life) with many artists. He donated the profits to cystic fibrosis research. That year, he also released his fourth album, Anakoustik, and followed with a tour with pianist Philippe Turbin. In 2003, he created a show with the famous Breton singer Gilles Servat for outstanding performance wherein the two artists share their respective directories. At various concerts, he met with many musicians, including Jeff Beck, Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, Van Wilks, Stuart Hamm.
O'May has composed over 100 tracks for the TV serial European coast seen from the sky, which has been distributed to 15 countries. Breton musician Alan Stivell had him play on his album Explore, which released in 2006. O'May also participated in "Brittany celebrates St. Patrick's day" at Paris-Bercy, and played as a guest musician on Johnny Hallyday's "Flashback Tour". In 2007, he signed with Milan Music/Universal label for his fifth studio album, Omega. It was released on 8 July, and he played at the "Festival des Terre Neuvas" in France in front of 47,000 people. In 2008, O'May toured in France and Europe.
Alan Simon invited O'May to participate in the rock opera Anne de Bretagne, which involved musicians Barclay James Harvest, Ange, Fairport Convention, Tri Yann, and Cécile Corbel. O'May also participated in Simon's second project, Excalibur, which is a Celtic rock opera involving musicians such as Alan Parsons, Martin Barre (Jethro Tull), John Helliwell (Supertramp) and Fairport Convention. Excalibur toured in Germany and Switzerland in 2010.
O'May released his sixth album, In Live We Trust, with ten original tracks and a horn section. His concert producer describes his style as "exploring new territory with an original blend of his own well-known guitar approach and world music elements using among others Celtic, Arabian and Chinese sounds". He participated in the 2010 Bercy for St Patrick's Day, and recorded for Excalibur III, which was the third album from the Excalibur rock opera. He continued touring for both of Simon's projects through 2011 and 2012, visiting Switzerland, France, and Germany. He developed a friendship with Martin Barre, and later toured with him in October 2011. In 2012, Martin Barre invited him to join his new group with prestigious line up for several tours in Britain, Germany, Italy, USA.
O'May appeared in 2012 as guest on Alan Stivell concerts, in earlier parts of several concerts of Uli Jon Roth (ex-Scorpions guitarist) and played in Nancy Zénith including Scorpions, Pat McManus, Gamma Ray, Karelia and Koritni.O'May released his seventh album, Celtic Wings, drawing for writing it in his musical (metal), genetic (Ireland) and emotional (Brittany) roots. It gives rise to a Celtic rock and metal album, between new compositions and covers (Alan Stivell medley, Over the Hills and Far Away, Whiskey in the Jar), with the participation of Martin Barre, Alan Stivell, Jonathan Noyce (Gary Moore, Archive), Moya Brennan (Clannad), James Wood, Christophe Peloil (Tri Yann). The album, which he began writing six months before the release in November, is recorded in Britain, Ireland, England and mastered at the famous Abbey Road Studios in London.
Thomas Newberry (1811 – 16 January 1901) was an English Bible scholar and writer, most well known for his interlinear Englishman's Bible, which compared the Authorised Version of the Bible with the Hebrew and Koine Greek of the original texts, first published in 1883 by Hodder and Stoughton, London.
Newberry was born into a Christian household in 1811 and little is known about his upbringing. Reportedly, through the witness of his older sister and mother, both believers, he was born again at a young age. He ultimately came into fellowship with other Christians at the Plymouth Brethren assembly on Meadow Street, Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, UK. He based his decision to join with the Brethren based on his studies of Scripture, and from 1840 had devoted himself to studying the Bible, not just in English but in its original languages of Hebrew and Greek. He found himself unable to agree with many of the practices and ordinances of the established churches of the day.After years of serious study, Newberry published "The Englishman's Bible (1886), his most famous legacy. He taught alongside Robert Chapman, Henry Dyer and George Muller, and contributed Bible teaching articles to The Witness and other Christian magazines, as well as conducting an extensive correspondence with Bible students across the world. Frederick Tatford tells us that Newberry was 'used by God in establishing an assembly in Nice, France, among many Italian-speaking residents in 1895'.
In 1863, he was given a copy of Tischendorf's transcription of the New Testament according to the Codex Sinaiticus, in which he made copious handwritten notes, and two years later commenced work on The Englishman's Study Bible, later more frequently known as the Newberry Study Bible. The finished work, with its unique use of signs and symbols to aid understanding of the tenses, and alternative translations, was much admired by the likes of William Kelly, FF Bruce and CH Raven.
"Thomas Newberry, the editor of The Newberry Study Bible, was born in 1811 and died in 1901. For most of his life he belonged to the Open wing of the Brethren movement. He resided for many years at Weston-super-Mare, England, and from there he exercised a long and fruitful expository ministry, both oral and written. He was a careful student of the Bible in Hebrew and Greek. Evidence of his minute attention to the sacred text lies before me as I write, in a beautiful copy of Tischendorf's transcription of the New Testament according to the Codex Sinaiticus, presented to him by friends in London in 1863, which is annotated throughout in his neat handwriting. It was after twenty-five years devoted to such study that he conceived the plan of putting its fruits at the disposal of his fellow-Christians in The Newberry Study Bible." - F.F. Bruce
"As the result of a careful examination of the entire Scriptures in the originals, noticing and marking where necessary every variation of tense, preposition, and the signification of words, the impression left upon my mind is this: not the difficulty of believing the entire inspiration of the Bible, but the impossibility of doubting it....The godliness of the translators, their reverence, the superiority of their scholarship, and the manifest assistance and control afforded to them by the Holy Spirit in their work, is such that the ordinary reader can rely upon the whole as the Word of God." - Thomas Newberry
"Newberry had no axe to grind. He was a careful and completely unpretentious student of Hebrew and Greek texts, whose one aim was to make the fruit of his study available as far as possible to Bible students whose only language was English. His procedure tended to make the Biblical text self-explanatory as far as possible; he had no thought of imposing on it an interpretive scheme of his own."- F.F. Bruce
"This slender quarto consists of eleven chapters, meant to illustrate and explain the value of his Englishman's Hebrew O.T., and Greek N.T., as far as can be for those who do not know the original tongues. The reader will find in the work not a few profitable hints conveyed in a clear and compact manner. Mr. N. is not a little attached to the Text. Rec. and the A.V., and indisposed to go with the Revisers in their admiration of their own work." - William Kelly on The Englishman's Bible
Thomas Newberry BibleThe Holy Bible : arranged so as to give as far as possible the accuracy, precision and certainty of the original Hebrew and Greek scriptures on the pages of the Authorized version, by means of simple and appropriate signs, and with the divine titles distinguished and explained.
Abacus Data is a Canadian polling and market research firm based in Ottawa, Ontario. It was founded in August 2010, soon after its founder David Coletto graduated from the University of Calgary with a PhD in political science.The company's surveys and political opinion polls are sometimes cited in Canadian news media, including The Globe and Mail, the National Post, the Toronto Star, and Sun Media newspapers.In 2013, Bruce Anderson joined Abacus Data as Chairman.  Tim Powers of Summa Strategies is the firm's Managing Director.
Bea Vongdouangchanh (October 4, 2010). "Heard on the Hill: New polling firm to probe decision-makers…" (pdf). The Hill Times. Retrieved March 8, 2012.
"New pollster Abacus makes a splash". David Akin's On the Hill. December 7, 2010. Archived from the original on December 25, 2011. Retrieved March 8, 2012.
Sean Copeland (March 2011). "David Coletto CEO of Abacus Data – An Interview with a Market Research Expert". New Market Research. Archived from the original on May 17, 2012. Retrieved March 8, 2012.
Oren Peli (Hebrew: אורן פלאי‎; born January 21, 1970) is an Israeli American film director, producer and screenwriter, known for directing the 2007 film Paranormal Activity.
Peli began as a computer software programmer, being one of the developers behind Photon Paint, a bitmap graphics program for the Amiga. His first film Paranormal Activity was inspired by Peli moving into his first house alone and without family nearby. Peli would hear creaks and knocks in the night, which laid the groundwork for a film about a family running around with cameras trying to catch what was going on in the house.After the success of Paranormal Activity, Peli worked with James Wan and Leigh Whannell to develop Insidious. Peli also produced and wrote the 2012 horror film, Chernobyl Diaries, based on the Chernobyl disaster and on his story The Diary of Lawson Oxford. The film followed "a group of friends who, while vacationing in Europe, find themselves stranded in the abandoned city of Prypiat, Ukraine only to discover that they are not alone."
In 2012, The River premiered on ABC, a paranormal/action/horror television series about a group of people on a mission to find a missing TV explorer in the Amazon. Peli co-created the show with Michael R. Perry, who co-wrote Paranormal Activity 2.
Peli is writer and director of Area 51, a story about three friends who want to discover the secrets of the fabled Area 51. Peli is also the producer of all films in the Paranormal Activity franchise and The Lords of Salem.
De primo Saxonum adventu  is a historical work, probably written in Durham during the episcopate of Ranulf Flambard (1099–1128). It recounts the coming of the English (called the "Saxons") to Great Britain, treating individually the history of the rulers of the Kingdom of Kent, the Kingdom of East Anglia, the Kingdom of Northumbria (to Erik Bloodaxe), as well as the archbishops of Canterbury and the archbishops of York, the bishops of Durham and the earls of Northumbria.Although it exists in many recensions updated in later years, the earliest version contains a list of Durham bishops, ending with Ranulf Flambard. It was written in the time of Symeon of Durham, and thus Symeon may have had a role in the authorship of the text. It appears to be related to a text called the Series regum Northymbrensium, a list of rulers of Northumbria beginning with Ida and ending with Henry I, a text existing only in the manuscript Cambridge University Library, Ff. i.27, one of the ten manuscripts containing the Libellus de exordio.
Rollason, David, ed. (2000), Libellus de exordio atque procursu istius, hoc est Dunhelmensis, ecclesie = Tract on the origins and progress of this the Church of Durham / Symeon of Durham, Oxford Medieval Texts, Oxford: Clarendon Press, ISBN 0-19-820207-5
Taft is a town in Muskogee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 250 at the 2010 census, a decline of 28.4 percent from 349 at the 2000 census. The town began as an all-black town on land allotted to Creek Freedmen. It is named for President William Howard Taft.
This community began as an all-Black town on land allotted to freedmen of the Creek Nation. It was originally named Twine, for William H. Twine, and had a post office by 1902. Twine moved to Muskogee, and the citizens voted to rename the town as Taft, for President William Howard Taft, who was then Secretary of War in the Theodore Roosevelt administration.Educational and correctional facilities have long been the town's leading employers. These have included: W. T. Vernon School (1908), the Industrial Institute for the Deaf, Blind, and Orphans of the Colored Race (1909), Moton High School, and the State Training School for Negro Girls.Taft also contains two penitentiaries: Dr. Eddie Warrior Correctional Center, for women, and Jess Dunn Correctional Center, for men.
Taft is located at 35°45′45″N 95°32′46″W (35.762595, -95.546046).  It is about 8 miles (13 km) west of the city of Muskogee. According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 1.5 square miles (3.9 km2), all of it land.
As of the census of 2000, there were 349 people, 136 households, and 87 families residing in the town. The population density was 227.8 people per square mile (88.1/km²). There were 155 housing units at an average density of 101.2 per square mile (39.1/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 85.39% African American, 3.72% White, 1.15% Native American, 0.29% from other races, and 9.46% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.57% of the population.
There were 136 households out of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.0% were married couples living together, 23.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.3% were non-families. 31.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.30.
In the town, the population was spread out with 35.0% under the age of 18, 7.2% from 18 to 24, 20.1% from 25 to 44, 19.8% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 75.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 65.7 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $18,889, and the median income for a family was $26,500. Males had a median income of $20,417 versus $17,813 for females. The per capita income for the town was $11,278. About 23.0% of families and 33.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 44.4% of those under age 18 and 18.8% of those age 65 or over.
Boley, Brooksville, Clearview, Grayson, Langston, Lima, Redbird, Rentiesville, Summit, Tatums, Tullahassee, and Vernon, other "All-Black" settlements that were part of the Land Run of 1889.
Jay Donald Feeley (born c. 1941) is an American former college men's basketball coach. He was the head coach at Sacred Heart University for 13 years and at Fairleigh Dickinson University for three. While at Sacred Heart, Feeley also served as the school's athletic director. Feeley compiled an overall coaching record of 285–148, including an Eastern Collegiate Athletic Conference regular season championship in 1981–82.In the summer of 1983, Feeley discovered 7'6" Sudanese teenager (and future NBA player) Manute Bol while he was playing for the Sudanese national team. Shortly before his discovery, Feeley had been let go by Fairleigh Dickinson due to 'imcompatible' philosophies with the school. Feeley tried using his connections with Cleveland State University to get himself an assistant coaching job, largely with the allure of bringing Bol with him. It did not work out, and Bol eventually enrolled at the University of Bridgeport.Feeley finished head coaching with a career record of 285 wins and 148 losses.
Junior Miss is a 1945 American comedy film starring Peggy Ann Garner as a teenager who meddles in people's love lives.
A collection of Sally Benson's stories from The New Yorker was published by Doubleday as Junior Miss in 1941. This was adapted by Jerome Chodorov and Joseph Fields into a successful play that same year. Directed by Moss Hart, Junior Miss ran on Broadway from 1941 to 1943. In 1945, the play was adapted to the film Junior Miss with George Seaton directing Peggy Ann Garner in the lead role of Judy Graves. The Junior Miss radio series, starring Barbara Whiting, was broadcast weekly on CBS in 1949.
Lively and imaginative sisters Judy and Lois Graves, thirteen and sixteen years old, live in a small apartment in New York City with their forgiving and patient mother and father, Harry, a lawyer, and Grace, a housewife. Judy's equally energetic friend Fuffy Adams frequently visits, and the two girls have their own ideas about the relations of the grown-ups surrounding them. They often use movie plots to interpret the reality around them.
One night right before Christmas, Judy learns that her mother has a brother, uncle Willis, who has been absent for years. She is very intrigued by the news and quickly fantasizes a story about the handsome man in which jail time becomes a reason for the absence. In reality, uncle Willis is a recovering alcoholic, who has spent the last four years struggling in rehab.
Later that night, Judy meets Fuffy, who brings a handsome boy named Haskell Cummings. The young boy's appearance distracts her from her fantasies about her uncle. Haskell is supposed to be Judy's escort to the school dance ahead. Back in the apartment, Harry's boss, J. B. Curtis, is visiting, bringing his pretty daughter, Ellen, who is also his secretary. Letting her imagination run wild, Judy believes Curtis is infatuated with his secretary, and tells her friend Fuffy that they are romantically involved.
The next day uncle Willis, handsome and rugged, makes a surprise visit, and Judy gets the idea that he would be the perfect match for Ellen. Right after Christmas Day, Judy secretly arranges for them to meet "by accident" at the Rockefeller Center ice-skating rink, and Willis and Ellen actually hit it off and become a couple. Harry's boss is troubled though, as Ellen is constantly absent from the office, sneaking off to meet Willis. Ellen does not tell her father about Willis, but one day Judy can't keep the secret any longer, and on New Year's Day slips to Curtis that Ellen is seeing Willis, her ex-convict uncle. Curtis is worried and furious. He scolds Harry and Grace for letting the relation begin and go on, and they in turn confront Judy. Willis and Ellen arrive in the middle of the argument, announcing that they have married. Curtis fires Harry when he defends Willis and his family.
The family decides that Grace and the children should live with her mother until Harry gets another job. They also offer to let the newlyweds come live with them until they can stand on their own feet. Curtis makes an unannounced visit in search of his daughter, and Ellen and Willis are hidden away for the moment. Since it is the night of Judy's school dance, Haskell arrives to pick up Judy. He is announced and when Curtis hears the name, he believes it is Haskell Cummings Sr., the businessman, who has arrived to talk to Harry. Believing that Harry is starting his own firm and has landed the influential Cummings as his client, he quickly offers to hire Harry back to the law firm, as a partner no less. And he is willing to hire Willis too. Realizing Curtis is mistaken, Harry quickly accepts the offer. Ellen reconciles with her father and Curtis in turn surprised to see the young Haskell enter the apartment. Then Judy appears, beautiful and ladylike, dressed in her ball dress, and she and Haskell leave the proud adults for the dance.
John Brackett "Pie" Allen (October 22, 1818 – June 13, 1899) was an American prospector, businessman, and politician.  Unsuccessful in his efforts as a prospector, he earned his nickname baking pies for settlers and soldiers in Arizona Territory.  His business success made him a prominent territorial citizen and he served three terms in the Arizona Territorial Legislature, two terms as Mayor of Tucson, Arizona Territory, and was appointed Arizona Territorial Treasurer for six years.
Allen was born in Maine on October 22, 1818, and educated in Boston, Massachusetts.   He moved to the American West as part of the California Gold Rush, arriving in Colorado City, Arizona Territory (now Yuma) in 1857.  From there he moved to Gila City to work in the placer fields before arriving in Tucson in 1858.Upon his arrival in Tucson, Allen gave up his ambition of striking it rich by finding gold.  Instead, he began baking pies with dried apples and selling them to the local townsfolk and soldiers for a dollar a pie.  His pies proved to be quite popular and profits from the endeavor allowed him to open a general store.  His skill as a baker also earned him the nickname "Pie".Following his initial success, Allen opened stores in Tubac and Maricopa Wells.  Additionally, he branched out into farming and ranching activities.  On July 27, 1864, he became the first person in Arizona Territory to file a homestead application and is credited with constructing the first buildings in Tucson's new "American" section.  Later activities include operating one of Arizona's first dairy farms and he is thought to have been the first to introduce honey bees to the territory. During the reign of Maximilian I in Mexico, Allen supplied arms to the anti-royalist forces.In addition to his business interests, Allen also became involved in territorial politics.  As a member of the 4th Arizona Territorial Legislature, he led the effort to move the territorial capital from Prescott to Tucson.  On November 18, 1867 Allen was appointed one of three superintendent's to Arizona's first school district.  Governor Richard C. McCormick then appointed him Territorial Treasurer on December 31, 1867.  Under his management the territorial deficit was quickly erased.  In 1873, Allen resigned as Treasurer after being elected a member of the 7th Arizona Territorial Legislature.  He was reappointed at the close of the session and continued to serve until 1875.  Following his time as Treasurer he was appointed Adjunct General for the territory and became known as "General Pie".  Allen ascended Tucson's mayoral office on April 15, 1876, serving a partial term.  In January 1877 he won election to a full term as mayor.  While in office, he used broom wielding prison inmates to implement the city's first street sweeping program.With the founding of Tombstone, Allen opened another store out of the town's first major building. During much of his life Allen was something of a wanderer, moving from place to place throughout southern Arizona.  In addition to Tubac, Tucson, Tombstone, and Maricopa Wells he operated businesses in Casa Grande, Quijotoa, Mammoth, Gunsight, and Willcox.
In 1891, when he was elected to represent Pinal County in the 16th Arizona Territorial Legislature, he was living in Florence.In 1881 the 63-year-old Allen proposed marriage to a teenaged girl named Lola Tapia.  The girl's mother agreed to the union on the condition she stayed in a convent.  The marriage took place and Lola remained at the convent till the next year when she gave birth to a daughter.  The marriage lasted until 1891 when Allen was granted a divorce on grounds of his wife's infidelity.In April 1899, Allen was suffering through the final stages of terminal cancer when his friends in Tucson decided to hold a dinner in his honor.  During the ceremony he was presented with a tombstone by Zeckendorf & Company.  In addition to his name and dates of birth and death the tombstone bore the epitaph "Territorial Treasurer Six Years, 1865 to 1871. Mayor of Tucson two terms. A man without an enemy."
Allen died in Tucson on June 13, 1899.  He was buried in the paupers section of Tucson's Court Street cemetery.  His tombstone was later moved to Pima County Cemetery without his remains to clear land for a building project.  Records to determine the location and disposition of his remains have been subsequently lost.  The Pie Allen Historic District in Tucson was named a National Register Historic District in 1996.
Panticapaeum (Ancient Greek: Παντικάπαιον, translit. Pantikápaion) was an ancient Greek city on the eastern shore of Crimea, which the Greeks called Taurica. The city was built on Mount Mithridat, a hill on the western side of the Cimmerian Bosporus. It was founded by Milesians in the late 7th or early 6th century BC. The ruins of the site are now located in the modern city Kerch.
During the first centuries of the city's existence, imported Greek articles predominated: pottery (see Kerch Style), terracottas, and metal objects, probably from workshops in Rhodes, Corinth, Samos, and Athens. Local production, imitated from the models, was carried on at the same time. Athens manufactured a special type of bowl for the city, known as Kerch ware. Local potters imitated the Hellenistic bowls known as the Gnathia style as well as relief wares—Megarian bowls. The city minted silver coins from the 5th century BC and gold and bronze coins from the 4th century BC. At its greatest extent it occupied 100 hectares (250 acres). The Hermitage and Kerch Museums contain material from the site, which is still being excavated.
In the 5th–4th centuries BC, the city became the residence first of the Archaeanactids and then of the Spartocids, dynasties of Thracian kings of Bosporus, and was hence itself sometimes called Bosporus. Its economic decline in the 4th–3rd centuries BC was the result of the Sarmatian conquest of the steppes and the growing competition of Egyptian grain.
The last of the Spartocids, Paerisades V, apparently left his realm to Mithridates VI Eupator, king of Pontus. This transition was arranged by one of Mithridates's generals, Diophantus, who earlier had been sent to Taurica to help local Greek cities against Palacus of Lesser Scythia. The mission did not go smoothly: Paerisades was murdered by Scythians led by Saumacus, and Diophantus escaped to return later with reinforcements to suppress the revolt (c. 110 BC).
Half of a century later, Mithridates took his life in Panticapaeum, when, after his defeat in a war against Rome, his son and heir Pharnaces and citizens of Panticapaeum turned against him.
Noonan, Thomas S. (1973). "The Origins of the Greek Colony at Panticapaeum". American Journal of Archaeology. 77 (1): 77–81. doi:10.2307/503240. JSTOR 503240.
Treister, Michail Ju. (1990). "A Matrix from Panticapaeum". The Journal of the Walters Art Gallery. 48: 29–35. JSTOR 20169058.
Tsetskhladze, Gocha R. (1997). "A Survey of the Major Urban Settlements in the Kimmerian Bosporos (With a Discussion of Their Status as Poleis)".  In Nielsen, Thomas Heine (ed.). Yet More Studies in the Ancient Greek Polis. Historia Einzelschriften. 117. Stuttgart: Franz Steiner Verlag. pp. 39–82. ISBN 9783515072229.
Sir Richard Talbot, then owner of nearby Goodrich Castle, founded the priory in 1346 as a house of the Canons Regular of St Augustine. The priory church was dedicated to St John the Baptist and Sir Richard Talbot was buried there on his death.
Weakened by the Black Death, the priory was one of the first to succumb at the Dissolution of the Monasteries. After it was dissolved in 1537, ownership was granted to George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury. On his death in 1590 the property passed to his son Gilbert, who died in 1616 without a male heir. The Priory buildings were then used as farm buildings until 1980, when they were converted into self-catering holiday apartments. The surviving priory buildings, in particular the refectory building, are Grade I listed. The refectory building, consisting originally of two storeys, is constructed of squared sandstone rubble with ashlar dressings but with a 20th-century roof. Internally it has been modified over the years for farming purposes and latterly for accommodation.
Kevin John Hatcher (born September 9, 1966) is a retired American professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the NHL for 17 seasons between 1984 and 2001 for the Washington Capitals, Dallas Stars, Pittsburgh Penguins, New York Rangers and Carolina Hurricanes.  He is the older brother of former NHL player Derian Hatcher, with whom he was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame on October 21, 2010. Hatcher was born in Detroit, Michigan, but grew up in Sterling Heights, Michigan.
As a youth, Hatcher played in the 1979 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Michigan.Hatcher was drafted 17th overall in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals, a team he would have the most of his NHL success with. Hatcher played 1,157 career NHL games, scoring 227 goals and 450 assists for 677 points. He also registered 1,392 career penalty minutes. Hatcher's best season offensively was the 1992–93 season, when he scored 34 goals and 79 points, both career highs. His 34 goals that season led all NHL defensemen.
June 9, 1984- Washington Capitals' 1st round draft choice (17th overall) in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft.
January 18, 1995- Traded by the Washington Capitals to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Mark Tinordi and Rick Mrozik.
September 30, 1999- Traded by the Pittsburgh Penguins to the New York Rangers in exchange for Peter Popovic.
Biographical information and career statistics from NHL.com, or Eliteprospects.com, or Hockey-Reference.com, or Legends of Hockey, or The Internet Hockey Database
Ormskirk Heelers are an amateur rugby league club from Ormskirk in Lancashire. They play at Green Road [1], which is also the home of Ormskirk rugby union side. In 2006, Southport Storm merged with the Heelers, but there were no name changes on Ormskirks part. This allowed the club to pull in players from a bigger catchment area. 
In the past few years the club has been in various divisions of the Rugby League Conference, including playing against teams from Cheshire, Merseyside and Lancashire [2]. They currently play in the RLC North West division, after the merging of the Cheshire and the North West divisions.
In 2005 whilst playing in the RLC North West Division the Heelers finished 8th on 6 points, winning three of their nine matches.
But in 2006 there was a change in head coach, Dave Archer coming in too try and steer the club to the top of a new challenge in the RLC Cheshire Division [3]. And he had seemed to have done the job with the team losing just two of their ten matches. Despite finishing 2nd though, in the play offs they didn't do as well ending up 4th after losing both games.
After the merging of the two divisions they had previous participated in, the club were once again playing in the RLC North West division in 2007. The season was a disaster with the Heelers unable to field a side for six of their games, thus finishing bottom place, 12th, losing all their 12 games. In the whole season they had scored just 72 points whilst conceding 354 points. It is still unsure whether Ormskirk Heelers will be playing in 2008.
In 2006 head coach Mike Featherstone got the team playing a 9 a side match on the North Avenue Beach at Chicago. They played newly formed team the Chicago Saints, who were hoping to get access into the AMNRL in 2007. The match finished a 20-20 draw, both sides scoring 5 tries each [5].
Casacalenda (Molisan dialect Casacalenna; Calena) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Campobasso.  
The Greek historian Polybius mentions a battle in 217 BC between the Roman army, based in Kalene, and Hannibal, based in Gerione (now a hamlet of Casacalenda). The name might have been derived from the Latin Kalendae or Kalends, the first day of the month in the Roman calendar.Among its churches is Santa Maria Maggiore.
Casacalenda borders the following municipalities: Bonefro, Guardialfiera, Larino, Lupara, Montorio nei Frentani, Morrone del Sannio, Provvidenti, Ripabottoni.
Since the end of World War II until the 1970s, the town's population declined considerably due to emigration. The places of choice for these emigrants were the Canadian cities of Hamilton, Montreal and Toronto.  Montreal even has its own Casacalenda Association. Duncan, British Columbia also has a sizeable community per its population.
Cleveland, Ohio and East Greenwich, Rhode Island also have a large population of citizens from Casacalenda. Buenos Aires, Argentina is other destination where Casacalenda population emigrated.
Casacalenda is served by a railway station , the Casacalenda-Guardalfiera railway station ,on the  Termoli-Campobasso and Termoli–Venafro line.
Clarence Lee Brandley (September 24, 1951 – September 2, 2018) was an American man who was wrongly convicted of the rape and murder of Cheryl Dee Fergeson in 1981. Brandley was working as a janitor supervisor at Conroe High School in Conroe, Texas where Fergeson was a 16-year-old student athlete visiting the school from Bellville, Texas.
Brandley was held for nine years on death row. After lengthy legal proceedings and community outcry that eventually ended in the Supreme Court of the United States, Clarence Brandley was freed in 1990. After his release, Brandley was involved in further legal proceedings over child support payments that had accrued over his time in prison, and ultimately with an unsuccessful $120 million lawsuit against various agencies of the State of Texas.
Cheryl Dee Fergeson, a 16-year-old junior at Bellville High School, was murdered on August 23, 1980. Fergeson was part of a school volleyball team playing a match against another high school in Conroe, Texas. Her body was found in the loft above the school auditorium.Suspicion immediately fell on two of the custodians, Brandley and Henry (Icky) Peace, who had found the body. During their joint interrogation — as Peace would recount — Texas Ranger Wesley Styles told them, "One of you is going to have to hang for this" and then, turning to Brandley, added, "Since you're the nigger, you're elected."
The three claimed to have seen the victim enter a girls' restroom near the school gymnasium, and then to have seen Brandley walking toward the restroom with an armload of toilet paper. They claimed that they told Brandley there was a girl in the restroom, and that he replied that he was taking the toilet paper to the boys' restroom. They did not see him again until about 45 minutes later, after a search had begun for the missing student. The fourth white custodian, Peace, subsequently added that Brandley was insistent on immediately searching the loft and, when they found the body, calmly checked for a pulse and then notified the authorities. And all four said that only Brandley had keys to the auditorium where the body was found.
Before an all-white Montgomery County grand jury on August 28, 1980, five days after the crime, Brandley professed innocence. Although he contradicted his white co-workers in several respects, he acknowledged that he had disappeared for perhaps 30 minutes about the time the murder was believed to have occurred. He said he was in the custodian's office smoking and listening to music alone. He also testified that a number of other persons had master keys that would open the auditorium and, in any event, that doors near the stage usually were propped open with a two-by-four.
Brandley went on trial in December 1980 before an all-white jury. There was no physical evidence linking him to the crime. Spermatozoa recovered from the victim's body had been destroyed — without having been tested to determine whether Brandley could have been its source. Moreover, a fresh blood spot had been found on the victim's blouse that had not come from her and could not have come from Brandley. The spot was Type A, but Brandley had Type O blood. One juror found the evidence insufficient to establish guilt, forcing Judge Sam Robertson, Jr. to declare a mistrial. The name of the holdout juror — William Shreck — became public knowledge, leading to anonymous harassing telephone calls. One man, whose anonymous communication was monitored by police, threatened Shreck, "We're going to get you, nigger lover."
At Brandley's second trial in February 1981 before another all-white jury but a different judge, one of the original witnesses — John Sessum — was not called. Later it was discovered that the prosecution had decided not to use Sessum because he no longer was willing to support the other custodians' versions of events, even though he had been threatened with being charged with perjury if he refused to go along. However, the prosecution came up with a witness who had not testified previously. He was Danny Taylor, a junior at the school, who had worked briefly as a custodian but was fired before the crime. Taylor claimed that Brandley once had commented — after a group of white female students walked past them — "If I got one of them alone, ain't no tellin' what I might do."Dr. Joseph Jachimczyk, medical examiner for Harris County, testified that the victim had died of strangulation and that a belt belonging to Brandley was consistent with the ligature used in the crime. In closing argument, District attorney James Keeshan mentioned that Brandley had a second job at a funeral home and suggested that perhaps he was a necrophiliac and had raped Fergeson after she was dead — an argument that could not have been made in good faith because Keeshan had a report stating that Brandley only did odd jobs at the funeral home and had never been involved in the preparation of bodies for burial. The defense objected to Keeshan's remark as inflammatory, but Judge John Martin overruled the objection.
Eleven months after Brandley was convicted and sentenced to death, his appellate lawyers discovered that exculpatory evidence had disappeared while in the custody of the prosecution — including a Caucasian pubic hair and other hairs recovered from Fergeson's body that were neither hers nor Brandley's. Also missing were photographs taken of Brandley on the day of the crime showing that he was not wearing the belt that the prosecution claimed had been the murder weapon. The missing evidence was all the more troubling in light of the pretrial destruction of the spermatozoa.Much was made of the willful destruction and disappearance of the potentially exculpatory evidence in Brandley's appellate briefs, but the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals affirmed the conviction and death sentence without mentioning the issue. "No reasonable hypothesis is presented by the evidence to even suggest that someone other than [Brandley] committed the crime", said the court. Brandley V. Texas, 691 S.W.2d 699 (1985).
Brenda Medina, who lived in the nearby town of Cut and Shoot, Texas, saw a television broadcast about the Brandley case. Saying she had been unaware of the case until then, she told a neighbor that her former live-in boyfriend — James Dexter Robinson — had told her in 1980 that he had committed such a crime. Robinson had previously worked as a janitor at Conroe High School.  Medina said she had not believed Robinson at the time, but now it made sense. At the neighbor's suggestion, she went to see an attorney, who took her to see District Attorney Peter Speers III, who had succeeded Keeshan in the job when Keeshan ascended to the Texas District Court bench. Speers quickly concluded, or so he said, that Medina was unreliable — and, therefore, that he had no obligation to inform Brandley's lawyers. The private attorney she had consulted thought otherwise, however, and brought her to the attention of the defense.
After obtaining Medina's sworn statement, Brandley's lawyers petitioned the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals for a writ of habeas corpus. The court ordered an evidentiary hearing, which was conducted by District Court Judge Ernest A. Coker.Before calling Medina to testify at the evidentiary hearing, Brandley's defense team called Edward Payne, father-in-law of Gary Acreman, one of the school custodians who had testified at both Brandley trials and who was now suspected by the defense of having been a co-perpetrator of the crime with Robinson. Payne testified that Acreman had told him where Fergeson's clothes had been hidden two days before the authorities found them.After Medina related details of Robinson's purported confession, Brandley's lawyers called John Sessum, the custodian who had testified at the first trial but not the second. Sessum's testimony was in sharp contrast to what he had said at the first trial. He now said he had seen Acreman follow Cheryl Fergeson up a staircase leading to the auditorium and then heard her scream, "No" and "Don't." Later that day, Acreman warned Sessum not to tell anyone what he had seen. But Sessum said he did tell someone — Wesley Styles, the Texas Ranger who was leading the investigation. That was a mistake. Styles, according to Sessum, responded by threatening him with arrest if he did not tell a story consistent with Acreman's.
Despite the accumulation of new evidence, Judge Coker recommended that Brandley be denied a new trial — a recommendation perfunctorily accepted by the Court of Criminal Appeals on December 22, 1986. But by now civil rights activists, including Reverend Jew Don Boney, had coalesced and raised $80,000 to help finance further efforts on Brandley's behalf. The Rev. Boney was the Chairman of the Houston, Texas-based "Coalition to Free Clarence Lee Brandley" and spearheaded  community efforts to have Brandley receive a fair trial. Boney was interviewed on numerous national news outlets and brought significant media and community attention to the case. National Advocate James McCloskey, of Centurion Ministries in Princeton, New Jersey, also took on the case.Working with a private investigator, McCloskey soon obtained a video-taped statement from Acreman stating that Robinson had killed Cheryl Fergeson and that he had seen Robinson place her clothes in a dumpster where they were found; that is how Acreman knew where the clothes were before they were found. Although Acreman soon recanted that video statement, two witnesses had come forward attesting that they had heard Acreman say he knew who killed Fergeson, that it was not Brandley, but that he would never tell who did it. Based on these statements, with Brandley's execution only six days away, Coker granted a stay.
After further investigation, Brandley's lawyers petitioned for another evidentiary hearing, which the Court of Criminal Appeals granted on June 30, 1987. The new hearing was conducted by Special State District Judge Perry Pickett. Robinson, Acerman, and Styles testified for the prosecution, each seeming to help rather than hurt Brandley's case.Robinson admitted he had told Brenda Medina in 1980 that he had killed the young woman in Conroe, but claimed he had said that only to frighten Medina. She had been pressuring him because she was pregnant, he said, and he simply wanted her to stop pestering him. Acreman stuck by what he had said at both trials, although he admitted that Robinson had been at Conroe High School the morning of the murder. Incidentally, Robinson and Acreman, unlike Brandley, had Type A blood — consistent with the spot on Fergeson's blouse.Texas Ranger Styles, while denying he had done anything improper, acknowledged that even before he had interviewed any witnesses, Brandley was his only suspect. When pressed about why he had not obtained a hair sample from Acreman to compare with the Caucasian pubic hair and other hairs found on the victim, Styles stammered, "Let's say I didn't do it and it wasn't done, and why it wasn't done, I don't know."On October 9, 1987, Judge Pickett recommended that the Court of Criminal Appeals grant Brandley a new trial, declaring: "The litany of events graphically described by the witnesses, some of it chilling and shocking, leads me to the conclusion the pervasive shadow of darkness has obscured the light of fundamental decency and human rights." The Court of Criminal Appeals, after sitting on the case for 14 months, finally accepting Picket's recommendation with a sharply split en banc decision on December 13, 1989 (Ex Parte Brandley, 781 S.W.2d 886 (1989)).The prosecution appealed, delaying disposition of the case another 10 months. But within hours of the U.S. Supreme Court's denial of certiorari on October 1, 1990 (Texas v. Brandley, 498 U.S. 817 (1990)), they dropped all charges. A few months later, Brandley was ordained as a Baptist minister, and a few months after that he was married. The officials involved in the case were not disciplined, nor did they apologize. Prosecutors in the case still insist they convicted the right man.
Eric Andersen (born February 14, 1943) is an American folk music singer-songwriter, who has written songs recorded by Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan, Judy Collins, Linda Ronstadt, the Grateful Dead and many others. Early in his career, in the 1960s, he was part of the Greenwich Village folk scene. After two decades and sixteen albums of solo performance he became a member of the group Danko/Fjeld/Andersen. Since the late 1990s, he has resumed his solo career. Andersen is still recording and  performing live in Europe, Japan and North America.
Eric Andersen's grandfather emigrated from Norway. Eric Andersen was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and grew up in Snyder, New York, a suburb of Buffalo. Elvis Presley made an impression on him when 15-year-old Andersen saw him perform. He moved to Boston and then San Francisco, where he met Tom Paxton, finally settling in New York City at the height of the Greenwich Village folk movement.Andersen was a resident of Woodstock, New York, between 1975 and 1983. He then moved to Oslo, Norway, and maintained a residence in New York City. He currently lives in the Netherlands. 
He was at one point married to former Cambridge folksinger Debbie Green, who contributed guitar, piano, and backing vocal performances to various records Andersen released between 1965 and 1975. He married Dutch social scientist and singer Inge Andersen in 2006. He has a daughter Sari (with Debbie Green), who contributed backing vocal performances to his Memory of the Future album.
In the early 1960s, Andersen was part of the Greenwich Village folk scene in New York. His best-known songs from the 1960s folk era are "Violets of Dawn", "Come to My Bedside", and "Thirsty Boots" (the latter recorded by Judy Collins, Bob Dylan, amongst others).In 1964, Andersen made his debut at Gerdes Folk City in a live audition for Vanguard Records. In 1965 he released his first Vanguard album Today Is the Highway.  In 1966 he made his Newport Folk Festival debut. The Beatles' manager Brian Epstein was in the process of becoming his manager when he died.
Andersen took part in the Festival Express tour across Canada in 1970 with the Grateful Dead, Janis Joplin, The Band, Delaney Bramlett and others.
Andersen signed with Columbia in 1972 and issued his most commercially successful album, Blue River, on that label. From that album, the song "Is It Really Love At All?" is the most popular. The master tapes of his follow-up album Stages were lost before the album could be released, resulting in the loss of much of the momentum he had gained with Blue River.Andersen parted ways with Columbia and recorded sporadically for a number of labels throughout the remainder of the 1970s and into the early 1980s. In 1975 he performed with Arlen Roth at the opening show of Bob Dylan's Rolling Thunder Revue at Gerde's Folk City and again in Niagara Falls.
In the late 1970s, Andersen was also a member of the Woodstock Mountains Revue, a folk group that also featured Artie Traum,  Happy Traum and John Sebastian.
Andersen fell into obscurity for a number of years for audiences in United States. After moving to Europe, he recorded three albums, including Midnight Son, Tight in the Night and Istanbul. Andersen established his own company, Wind and Sand Records, to sell his music through mail order.Andersen reemerged in 1988 with a new album, Ghosts upon the Road. Though the album did only modestly well, it was widely praised and placed on a number of critics' year-end "best of" lists. The title track was  a 10 1/2-minute autobiographical song that Andersen wrote about when he lived in Beacon Hill, Boston, and moved to New York City in 1964.
The Stages tapes were found nearly two decades after they had been lost. Forty boxes consisting of the original master tapes were found October 1989 in the vaults at Columbia Records in New York. The album was recorded after Blue River and featured guest artists Leon Russell, Joan Baez and Dan Fogelberg, among others. It was issued in 1991 as Stages: The Lost Album.
At this point in his career, Andersen was living in Oslo, Norway, and, in the early 1990s, he joined the trio Danko/Fjeld/Andersen, with Rick Danko (the Band) and the Norwegian singer-songwriter Jonas Fjeld. The trio recorded three albums and performed together for nine years.
In 1998, Andersen released his first solo album in a decade, Memory of the Future. Praised as "dreamy and introspective", the album was followed two years later by You Can't Relive The Past, which included original blues numbers as well as a selection of songs co-written with Townes Van Zandt.
A double album, Beat Avenue, followed in 2003. Besides mostly rock-dominated ballads, the album's 26-minute title track is a jazzy beat poem relating his experiences among San Francisco's beat community of artists on the day of President John F. Kennedy's assassination.
Andersen's next albums, The Street Was Always There (2004) and Waves (2005), were both produced by multi-instrumentalist Robert Aaron. In addition to covers of his own songs, the albums featured new versions of classics by his sixties contemporaries and friends, including David Blue, Bob Dylan, Richard Fariña, Tim Hardin, Peter La Farge, Fred Neil, Phil Ochs, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Paul Siebel, Patrick Sky, Tom Paxton, John Sebastian, Happy Traum, Lou Reed, and Tom Rush. His next album, Blue Rain, released in 2007, was his first live album. It was recorded in Norway and contains a blend of blues, jazz and folk.
In 2011, Andersen released his second live album, The Cologne Concert, with Michele Gazich (Mary Gauthier, Mark Olson) on violin and Inge Andersen (his wife) on backing vocals.
In 2013, Andersen performed in Greenwich Village: Music That Defined a Generation, a feature-length documentary about the Greenwich Village music scene, which was issued on DVD in November.
In August 2014, Andersen released a limited-edition double 10" vinyl record, "Shadow and Light of Albert Camus", featuring Michele Gazich on violin and piano, with cover design paintings of de:Oliver Jordan.
In May 2017, Andersen released his album "Mingle With The Universe: The Worlds of Lord Byron", featuring Inge Andersen (backing vocals), Michele Gazich (violin), Giorgio Curcettie (oud, bass, guitar), Cheryl Prashker (percussion) and Paul Zoontjes (aka nl:Simon Keats, piano) with cover design paintings of de:Oliver Jordan. In December 2017, the album "Silent Angel: The Fire and Ashes of Heinrich Böll" was released celebrating the centenary of the writer Heinrich Böll's birth.
Andersen has completed the recording of another new album, Dance of Love and Death. The album was co-produced, recorded and mixed by Steve Addabbo (Suzanne Vega). Other musicians who performed on the album include Lenny Kaye (Patti Smith Group), Larry Campbell (Bob Dylan band; Phil Lesh and Friends, Levon Helm Band), Steve Addabbo, Robert Aaron, Michele Gazich and Inge Andersen. The record is expected to be released soon.
In March 2018, Sony/Legacy Recordings issued The Essential Eric Andersen, a 42-track double CD release covering fifty years of his recorded history from Today is the Highway on to The Cologne Concert album and unreleased New York recordings.
A documentary about Eric Andersen, entitled The Songpoet, is now in post-production and planned for release in 2019. Set against the cultural landscapes of his 50-year artistic journey, the film depicts an intimate portrait of Andersen—writing, recording, and performing today and reflecting on his life's work. The film is being produced by Toward Castle Films and Skipping Stone Pictures.
In his lengthy career, Andersen has issued more than 25 albums to which many artists have contributed, including Joan Baez, Dan Fogelberg, Al Kooper, Willie Nile, Joni Mitchell, Lou Reed, Leon Russell, Richard Thompson, Rick Danko, Garth Hudson, Eric Bazilian, Arlen Roth, Tony Garnier, Howie Epstein, and many others. His songs have been recorded by artists all over the world, including the Blues Project, Johnny Cash, Judy Collins, Peter, Paul & Mary, the Mitchell Trio, John Denver, The Dillards, Ricky Nelson, Fairport Convention, Grateful Dead, Ratdog (Bob Weir), Bob Dylan, Linda Ronstadt, Gillian Welch, Mary-Chapin Carpenter, Françoise Hardy, Rick Danko, Linda Thompson, The Kingston Trio and Pete Seeger.
Richard Harrington, music critic for The Washington Post, wrote, "No other songwriter born in the generation between World War II and Korea has better explored the insistence of love, whether it be sensible or hopeless, beseeched or betrayed."
In 2003, Andersen won the it:Premio Tenco award with Patti Smith in San Remo, Italy. It is an award given to outstanding songwriters. Previous awards have gone to Jackson Browne, Tom Waits, Joni Mitchell, Leonard Cohen and Randy Newman.
In 1999 Andersen wrote an essay entitled "My Beat Journal" for the Rolling Stone Book of the Beats. That same year he published an article in National Geographic Traveler entitled "Coastal Norway" .
In 2009, Andersen contributed an essay entitled "The Danger Zone" to the Naked Lunch @ 50: Anniversary Essays, a book volume edited by Oliver Harris and Ian MacFadyen devoted to William S. Burroughs’ Naked Lunch, considered one of the landmark publications in the history of American literature.
painter Oliver Jordan's Albert Camus exhibition called "Paintings out of Revolt". This exhibition first took place for the Camus centenary in Aix-en-Provence in 2013, and was at the Rheinisches Landesmuseum Bonn, Germany, during the summer of 2014.
Non-album single: Sitting In The Sunshine (co-written by Carole King and Toni Stern)/Sunshine And Flowers (1970) (Warner Brothers)
Non-album single: Born Again/Rocky Mountain Red (written by Michael Chain)  (1971) (Warner Brothers) - ("Born Again" was performed on "The Johnny Cash Show" in 1971.)
Stages: The Lost Album (Columbia, 1991) [mostly recorded in 1972-73, the master tapes were then lost, with three brand new tracks]
In 1965, Eric Andersen starred in the Andy Warhol movie Space, in which he sang.In 1974, Andersen appeared in the Les Blank documentary A Poem is a Naked Person, which covered three years in the life of rock star Leon Russell. The film remained unreleased for forty years but was finally released in 2015.
In 1984, Andersen appeared as a guest in a film documentary about Phil Ochs called Chords of Fame and sang the Och's song, "When I'm Gone".In 1985, Andersen wrote original music for the movie Istanbul, starring Brad Dourif.
In 2011, filmmakers Paul Lamont and Scott Sackett began production on The Songpoet, a documentary exploring Eric Andersen's uncompromising 50-year artistic journey. The film has been finished in February 2019 and will be released soon.
Judy Collins Wildflower Festival - Judy Collins, Eric Andersen, Tom Rush & Arlo Guthrie (2003) (2 DVDs)
Judy Collins & Friends, Live in San Diego, 2002 - Judy Collins, Eric Andersen, Tom Rush & Arlo Guthrie (2012) (2 DVDs, reissue)
James Ketchell, "Review: So Much On My Mind by Eric Andersen" at the Wayback Machine (archived April 28, 2008), Rockbeatstone (August 2007).
Husky won the Triple J Unearthed contest to play the Push Over Festival. They have opened for bands such as Snow Patrol, Devendra Banhart, Gotye, Noah and the Whale, The Shins, City & Colour, Neil Young and Crazy Horse.In 2011, they became the first Australian band to be signed to Sub Pop records. Husky Gawenda appeared on RocKwiz on 14 July 2012.
On March 25, 2013, Husky Gawenda won the bi-annual APRA award Late 2016, Husky announced the release of an upcoming third record for 2017 which also marks the duo’s return to their home country after some time spent in Berlin. The first single "Late Night Store" was released in November 2016 and a video was premiered at the same period on HighClouds.In June 2017 the band released their third Album "Punchbuzz" and in October they released the EP "Bedroom Recordings".
Joffrey Boulanger (born 18 August 1989), better known by his stage name Olympe, is a French singer originating from Amiens, France. He was a contestant in the French television show The Voice: la plus belle voix.
Bolanger's parents separated when he was just 5 and he was raised alongside his brother and sister by his paternal grandparents. A timid child, he found solace in music. In 2001, his grandparent enrolled him in a song contest that he won after singing a Celine Dion song. He went on to take part in about 15 various competitions winning many. After a casting in April 2007, he was invited to sing "Vivo per lei" in a duo with Hélène Ségara during a concert in Albert, Somme.
In 2010, under the name Joffrey B, he released his first studio album recording titled Rien qu'un homme on small C Du Lourd label. The label that had the rights reissued the album February 2013. A music video was also released on the occasion for the song "Par la fenêtre". Based on this success, he took part in a television competition Vous avez du talent! on IDF1 channel where he sang "Je vis comme je rêve", one of the original recordings from his album Rien qu'un homme.
At age 23, he auditioned for the program's second season in 2013 singing "Born to Die" from Lana Del Rey and became part of Team Jenifer. His rendition appeared at #1 on the French iTunes charts for the week. Reaching the final, he finished runner-up to eventual winner Yoann Fréget.
After the show, he was signed to Mercury Records (France) label where he released his self-titled debut album Olympe on 22 July 2013 with the album reaching number 1 on SNEP, the official French Albums Chart. The album was composed of studio versions of his interpretations during the season on the show plus one new song titled "Merci".
In December 2013, he sang on the compilation We Love Disney in a duet with Joyce Jonathan. He was invited to the 2014 NRJ Music Awards where he sang a duet with Alex Hepburn.
A new studio album followed in May 2014 titled Une vie par jour. The debut single from the album was 'C'est facile" accompanied with a music video. He will tour France for promotion of the album including a gig in Trianon in Paris.
Antigone (minor planet designation: 129 Antigone) is a large main-belt asteroid. Radar observations indicate that it is composed of almost pure nickel-iron. It and other similar asteroids probably originate from the core of a shattered Vesta-like planetesimal which had a differentiated interior. It was discovered by German-American astronomer C. H. F. Peters on February 5, 1873, and named after Antigone, the Theban princess in Greek mythology.
In 1979 a possible satellite of Antigone was suggested based on lightcurve data. A model constructed from these shows Antigone itself to be quite regularly shaped. In 1990, the asteroid was observed from the Collurania-Teramo Observatory, allowing a composite light curve to be produced that showed a rotation period of 4.9572 ± 0.0001 hours and a brightness variation of 0.34 ± 0.01 in magnitude. The ratio of the lengths of the major to minor axes for this asteroid were found to be 1.45 ±0.02.10µ radiometric data collected from Kitt Peak in 1975 gave a diameter estimate of 114 km. Since 1985, a total of three stellar occultations by Antigone have been observed. A favorable occultation of a star on April 11, 1985, was observed from sites near Pueblo, Colorado, allowing a diameter estimate of 113.0 ± 4.2 km to be calculated.
Wilfred Wellock (2 January 1879 – 22 July 1972) was a socialist Gandhian and sometime Labour politician and MP.
He was elected at Member of Parliament (MP) for Member of Parliament (MP) for Stourbridge at a by-election in February 1927, having unsuccessfully contested the seat in 1923 and 1924. He was re-elected in 1929, but at the 1931 general election he was defeated by the Conservative Party candidate. Wellock stood again at the 1935 election, but did not regain his seat.Wellock was an active member of both the No More War Movement and the Peace Pledge Union. He was a prolific pamphleteer.
Wellock's work was admired by Aldous Huxley, who stated in his book Science, Liberty and Peace that Wellock and Ralph Borsodi's work constituted a "tiny piece of decentralist leaven" within the "whole large lump of contemporary society".
Wellock, Wilfred (1922). India's Awakening, its national and world-wide significance. (pp. 69. Labour Publishing Co.: London)
Wellock, Wilfred (1938). Destruction or Construction-Which? An open letter to members of the Labour Party, (pp. 11. Peace Pledge Union: London])
Wellock, Wilfred (1951). The Challenge of our Times. Annihilation or creative revolution? (pp. 15. London)
Wellock, Wilfred (1955). Not by Bread alone. A study of America's expanding economy. [(pp. 16. Housmans: London)
Wellock, Wilfred (c. 1961). The crisis in our civilisation : reorganisation by industry a key to world peace, (London : Society for Democratic Integration in Industry)
St James' School is a coeducational independent day and boarding school located in Grimsby, North East Lincolnshire, England. It comprises a Preparatory School, Senior School and Sixth Form. The school is associated with the Church of England Grimsby Minster, dedicated to St James.
St James' Choir School was founded on the premises of Grimsby's parish church, St James' Church (now known as Grimsby Minster). Canon James Peter Young, curate and later vicar at the church, was influenced by Nathaniel Woodard's education philosophy and established the school in 1880 to educate the church's choirboys. Classes were initially held in the Church's "Aqua Rooms", which became unsuitable. In 1882 the school became St James' College with the intention of educating the boys after they outgrew the choir. The original choir school moved to a new site before uniting again with the college in 1904. A pre-preparatory department was added in 1957 and a sixth form and boarding programme two years later. It became an associated Woodard School in 1968 and was incorporated in 1985.Girls were first admitted in 1973 and allowed to board two years later. In 1975 "choir" was dropped from the school name as it had now expanded to educate all pupils, not only choristers. Since 2014, the school has no longer educated the Minster's Choristers, who are now drawn from eleven different schools, and open to all.
There are two boarding houses: Petchell (boys) and Yarborough (girls). Both are situated on the school grounds. The boarding programme is available to pupils in Year 3 and above.
Petchell House was named after Denys Petchell, an old boy and former member on the board of governors, and consists of ten dormitories. Yarborough House was named after the Earl of Yarborough, whose family have a long association with the school.
Cowie, Leonard & Evelyn (1991). That One Idea: Nathaniel Woodard and His Schools. Ellesmere, Shropshire: Woodard Corporation; pp. 139–42: St James' School, Grimsby
Wilhelm Weber (19 March 1918 – 2 March 1980) was a mid-level commander in the Waffen-SS of Nazi Germany during World War II. He was a member of the SS Division Charlemagne and was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
In April 1945, about 350 men of the division volunteered to go to fight in the Battle of Berlin in a unit which became known as Sturmbataillon Charlemagne. Weber went with the group to Berlin as a group commander. During the fighting on 29 April, Weber was wounded and evacuated to the make-swift field hospital in the basement of the Reich Chancellery. It was his sixth combat wound of the war. While there he briefed area commander, SS-Brigadeführer Wilhelm Mohnke as to the situation along front lines of the government district. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross by Mohnke on 29 April.
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 29 April 1945 as Obersturmführer and leader of the divisions combat school of the 33. Freiwilligen-Grenadier-Division der SS "Charlemagne"
Alexander Alexandrovich Volkov (Udmurt and Russian: Алекса́ндр Алекса́ндрович Во́лков; 25 December 1951 in Bryansk – 20 May 2017) was the President of the Udmurt Republic.  As President, Volkov was the highest official in the Udmurt Republic, the head of the republic's highest executive body, and leader of its two million citizens.  Volkov took office November 3, 2000, for a five-year term after the first presidential elections in the Udmurt Republic took place on October 15, 2000.  Prior to the elections, Volkov was the speaker of the Udmurtia Republican Legislature.
Born into a worker’s large family, Alexander Volkov graduated from a technical school and then worked as a foreman, chief engineer, and head of a construction department while studying at the Polytechnic Institute.
Volkov was an experienced and flexible regional politician whose 2000 election as President of the Udmurt Republic was "not exactly a birthday present for the Kremlin," according to  political  consultant Igor Mintoussov.The danger of terrorism was the main concern of many among Volkov's constituents, especially for the 600,000 residents of Izhevsk, where Volkov occupied a palace and where Russia's oldest armaments factory is located, about 1,300 km east of Moscow.  Surrounding rural regions are relatively impoverished and were said to turn to Volkov and the Udmurtia Legislature for support.
Along with Udmurt technical experts, Volkov negotiated with Gazprom, Russia's largest natural gas extractor, in collaborative efforts to develop the region’s gas supply system and establishing a centralized gas distribution company.
In President Volkov's most recent State of the Union address, he expressed appreciation that religious and interconfessional relations were stable last year, noting reconstruction began last year on the Saint Mikhail Cathedral, and that "this event is extremely outstanding." Volkov also stressed, "The growth of investment into economics of the Republic was and is the main task of the Government."
There was a long-running conflict between Volkov and Zolotoya Provintsiya since his tenure as the parliamentary speaker of Udmurtia.  Volkov was named 'Man of the Year' in a contest initially billed as 'Sex Symbol of the Year'.  The next day, the publication hit the newsstands with a collage featuring the body of Michelangelo’s David fitted with Volkov’s head.  Volkov found the image insulting and initiated a challenge that made its way to the Republican Constitutional Court. Zolotaya Provintsiya was charged with pornography, libel and invasion of privacy.
Volkov was married to Nina Volkova and has two children. Volkov is also the grandfather of four children. His son, Andrey, is a notable alumni from the Izhevsk State Technical University, and his daughter, Vera is an attorney. His hobbies were football, fishing, skiing, tennis, and spending some time helping out in the garden. Volkov was notably a very experienced musician, as he can play the accordion. When on holiday, Volkov usually went to Bryansk to meet his family. Volkov was fluent in Russian  and can speak some English.
Pepper Schwartz (born May 11, 1945) is an American sociologist and sexologist teaching at the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington, United States. She is the author or co-author of numerous books, magazines, website columns, and a television personality on the subject of sexuality.
Schwartz is notable for her work in the 1970s and early 1980s that culminated in the book, with Philip Blumstein, American Couples: Money-Work-Sex which surveyed lesbian couples, gay male couples and heterosexual couples.
Schwartz also serves as the Love & Relationship Expert & Ambassador for AARP and writes the column The Naked Truth.She is also one of the experts on the FYI / AE TV show "Married at First Sight (U.S. TV series)".
Schwartz is on the advisory board to Ro, an end-to-end service for chronic health conditions. Ro handles everything from online diagnosis to the convenient delivery of treatment. Schwartz advises Roman, Ro's vertical for men's health and Zero, Ro's vertical for fighting addiction. She joins the advisory board with Karen Tandy (previous Head of the DEA), Dr. Peter Schlegel, Dr. Matthew Fink, and Dr. Steven Lamm.
Schwartz was born into a Jewish home. She earned a BA and an MA from Washington University in St. Louis, where she was a Woodrow Wilson Fellow, and an MA and PhD in Sociology from Yale University in 1974. While a graduate student there, she co-authored with Janet Lever the 1971 book Women at Yale, documenting the first year of co-education at that university.
Schwartz is a prolific writer and authority on the subject of sexuality and relationships. She wrote the column "Sex and Health" for Glamour magazine for seven years. She has appeared on such television programs as The Oprah Winfrey Show, Dateline, and Dr. Phil, as well as on programs for the cable television network Lifetime. She was the 2005 president of the Pacific Sociological Association, helped create the dating web site Perfectmatch.com, and is a sexuality adviser for WebMD.
Schwartz is a past president of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality and a charter member of the International Academy of Sex Research. The book jacket for her 2007 publication Prime: Adventures and Advice on Sex, Love, and the Sensual Years described her living "in Washington State, being single after a 23 year marriage, and having two children in college".
Research by Schwartz and others surveying lesbian sexuality has generated debates because the surveys stated that lesbian couples in long-term relationships have less sex than their heterosexual or gay male counterparts. The phenomenon was labeled "lesbian bed death". One factor in this debate is the problem of defining acts of "sex" in surveys.
Sex and the Yale Student, with Richard Feller, Elaine Fox, and Dr. Philip Sarrel Feller (The Committee on Human Sexuality, Yale University, 1970)
The Student Guide to Sex on Campus, by the Student Committee on Human Sexuality at Yale, edited by Richard Feller, Elaine Fox, and Pepper Schwartz (Signet Books, 1971)
American Couples: Money-Work-Sex, with Philip Blumstein (Pocket Books, 1985) ISBN 0-671-52353-8, ISBN 978-0-671-52353-4
Gender in Intimate Relationships: A Micro-Structural Approach, with Barbara J. Risman (Wadsworth Publishing Company, 1988) ISBN 0-534-09690-5, ISBN 978-0-534-09690-8
Everything You Know About Love and Sex Is Wrong (Perigee Trade, 1991 reissue) ISBN 0-399-52712-5, ISBN 978-0-399-52712-8
Love Between Equals: How Peer Marriage Really Works (Touchstone, 1995) ISBN 0-02-874061-0, ISBN 978-0-02-874061-4
The Gender of Sexuality: Exploring Sexual Possibilities (The Gender Lens series), with Virginia Rutter (AltaMira Press, 1998) ISBN 0-8039-9042-1, ISBN 978-0-8039-9042-5
The Great Sex Weekend: A 48-hour Guide to Rekindling Sparks for Bold, Busy, or Bored Lovers, with Janet Lever (Perigee Trade, 2000) ISBN 0-399-52571-8, ISBN 978-0-399-52571-1
Ten Talks Parents Must Have with their Children About Sex and Character, with Dominic Cappello (Hyperion Books, 2000) ISBN 0-7868-8548-3, ISBN 978-0-7868-8548-0)
201 Questions to Ask Your Kids: 201 Questions to Ask Your Parents (Collins, 2000) ISBN 0-380-80525-1, ISBN 978-0-380-80525-9
The Lifetime Love and Sex Quiz Book (Hyperion Books, 2002) ISBN 0-7868-8748-6, ISBN 978-0-7868-8748-4
Prime: Advice and Adventures on Sex, Love and the Sensuous Years (Collins, 2007) ISBN 0-06-117358-4. ISBN 978-0-06-117358-5)
Miikka Anttila (born 10 September 1972) is a Finnish rally co-driver, currently teaming with Jari-Matti Latvala at Toyota Gazoo Racing WRT. Anttila has previously served alongside such drivers as Mikko Hirvonen, Janne Tuohino and Kosti Katajamäki.
Debuting in the World Rally Championship in 1999, Anttila began co-driving Latvala at the 2003 Rallye Deutschland and got his first win at the 2008 Swedish Rally. So committed is Anttila to co-driving that he missed the birth of his second child in order to contest the Rally de Espana in 2011.He joined Volkswagen Motorsport after its formation as a manufacturer team in 2013.
For 2017, Anttila is racing for the works Toyota team.At the 2018 Tour de Corse, Anttila made his 197th WRC start which made him the most experienced competitor in the history of the sport. The record was previously held by Spanish driver and two times world-champion Carlos Sainz who started 196 events. He became the first-ever competitor to start 200 rallies in the WRC at the 2018 Rally d'Italia.
The 1995 Miller Genuine Draft 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event held on July 16, 1995, at Pocono International Raceway in Long Pond, Pennsylvania.
Pocono Raceway is one of six superspeedways to hold NASCAR races; the others are Daytona International Speedway, Michigan International Speedway, Auto Club Speedway, Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway. The standard track at Pocono Raceway is a three-turn superspeedway that is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long. The track's turns are banked differently; the first is banked at 14°, the second turn at 8° and the final turn with 6°. However, each of the three straightaways are banked at 2°.
Randy MacDonald and Terry Byers were the only two drivers not to qualify for this event. Nearly 13% of the race was held under a caution flag and the average green flag run was slightly more than 29 laps. Bill Elliott, Mark Martin, and Morgan Shepherd's good attempts at qualifying made this the first race of 1995 where Fords started 1-2-3. Elliott's pole was his first of the season, earning him a spot in the 1996 Busch Clash. Ted Musgrave was on a roll heading into this race as he had a very solid 1995 and looked to be heading to his first career win. He also traditionally ran very well at Pocono so he was a very popular sleeper pick heading into the race after a strong qualifying run, but his race was almost over before it began. Ted had some valve issues that got repaired before the green even waved, but they sorted it out and he got running in time for the green and still managed to finish in fourth place.41 drivers were a part of this race; all of them were born in the United States of America. Dale Jarrett managed to defeat Jeff Gordon almost two-tenths of a second after a duel over the last 20 laps; Jarrett really did need to get this win. At this time Yates was a stronger team than Gibbs and that's why Jarrett left Gibbs for Yates. It had to be tough for him watching Bobby Labonte go to victory lane a couple of times in the team he helped build while he struggled in one of the very top cars of the time. Ricky Craven led two laps just before the halfway point of the race. Notably, those two laps were a part of the six leads that he would lead in the 1995 Winston Cup Series season. Jarrett, however, ran out of gas coming to the checkered flag; needing Michael Waltrip's help to be pushed to victory lane. Formal attendance records were never kept for this three-hour-and-forty-nine-minute racing event.
Speeds during this race reached up to 134.038 miles per hour (215.713 km/h) and 37 changes were made to the leader's position. Five cautions slowed the race for 25 laps; primarily for debris and accidents. Three drivers were considered the odds-on favorite going into the actual race: Ted Musgrave, Derrike Cope and Steve Grissom. This race was the most competitive (37 lead changes among 13 drivers) since 1983 and once again the lead changed twice a lap on several laps.
Lap 144: Jimmy Helmsey went off the track while attempting to make a turn, causing a caution that ended on lap 147
Def Con Zero is an album by Cloak-n-Dagga, a group composed of rappers Canibus and Phoenix Orion, released on October 25, 2005 through Head Trauma Records and First Kut Records. The album features K-Solo, Kool G Rap, and Free among others. A DVD with over an hour's worth of material concerning the rappers and the creation of the album is included.
The bonus DVD contains a variety of material, including a short mix of videos featuring the songs on the album, interviews, a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the album and a photo gallery.
Scott Adams (born July 10, 1952) is the co-founder, with ex-wife Alexis, of Adventure International, an early publisher of games for home computers.
Born in Miami, Florida and currently living in Platteville, Wisconsin, Adams was the first person known to create an adventure-style game for personal computers, in 1978 on a 16KB Radio Shack TRS-80 Model I, written in the BASIC programming language. Colossal Cave was written two years earlier by Will Crowther, but on a mainframe computer (the PDP-10). These early text adventure games use a minimal parser, recognizing 2-word commands of the form VERB NOUN. The parser only scanned the first three letters of each command, so inputting SCREAM BEAR, SCRATCH BEAR or SCREW BEAR would be treated identically.  Scott had access to an advanced 16-bit computer at home, built by his brother Richard Adams, that gave him a jump on game programming in his leisure time.Adams's work was very influential on the adventure-gaming industry. In 1990 Computer Gaming World reported a statement  by a "respected designer" that it was impossible to design new and more difficult adventure puzzles, because Adams had already created them all in his early games. The games from his company, Adventure International, were subsequently released on most of the major home PC platforms of the day, including TRS-80, Apple II series, Atari 8-bit series and Commodore PET. Versions of the games were also made for later platforms such as VIC-20 or ZX Spectrum and some also had versions produced with rudimentary graphics.
Since the late 1980s Scott Adams has worked as a senior programmer for AVISTA in Platteville.In 2013, Scott Adams released the Bible-based The Inheritance, his first game in over ten years. As in most of his other games, the player is  the protagonist of a novel-like story, and helps events unfold in a text adventure setting.  However, this new game also includes sound.
Lady Sybil Myra Caroline Grant (née Primrose; 1879–1955) was a British writer and artist. She was the eldest child of Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery and his wife Hannah de Rothschild.
Lady Sybil was the eldest child of Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery, who served as prime minister to Queen Victoria from 1894 to 1895, by his marriage to Hannah de Rothschild, only child of Mayer Amschel de Rothschild (1818–1874) and a granddaughter of Nathan Mayer Rothschild (1777–1836). Through Hannah, as her father's sole heiress, the Mentmore Towers estate passed into the Rosebery family.
Her father, Lord Rosebery, in addition to a life in Liberal politics and serving briefly as prime minister, collected Napoleonic memorabilia and wrote biographies, including one of Napoleon and another of William Pitt the Younger. Her mother, the Countess Hannah, was at one time reputed to be the richest woman in England. In her childhood Sybil was taught by governesses and divided her time between the family's Lansdowne House in London and their many country houses, which included Dalmeny House and Mentmore Towers. From the time she was a baby, Lady Sybil was often left by her parents in the care of servants, supervised by her father's sister Lady Leconfield at the Leconfields' Petworth House. This was particularly evident shortly after Sybil's birth in June 1880, when Lord Rosebery wished to visit Germany for three months to take a cure at a German spa for what is now thought to have been a nervous breakdown. He had no great feeling for proximity to small babies. His wife dutifully accompanied him, but Rosebery reported that she savoured every detail of daily letters from London concerning Sybil.Despite the lack of parental attention, Lady Sybil remained close to her father.
On 28 March 1903, at the Guards Chapel, Wellington Barracks, Lady Sybil married Charles John Cecil Grant (1877–1950), a regular soldier who later became a general and a Knight of the Bath. Following the wedding her father wrote: "She was wonderfully cool and held my hand all the way to the church".She had one son, Charles Robert Archibald Grant, who married Pamela Wellesley (born 1912), a granddaughter of Arthur, 4th Duke of Wellington.
In 1912 Lady Sybil Grant published several short stories in the London Magazine, including The Kisses That Never Were Given, A Three-Cornered Secret, and Travesty. In 1913 Mills and Boon published her Founded on Fiction, a book of comic poems. The same year The Chequer-Board appeared, followed by Samphire and The Land of Let's Pretend. In 1914, by now considered a literary figure, she was invited to contribute to Princess Mary's Gift Book, a collection of illustrated stories assembled to raise money for the Great War effort.
Lady Sybil was a patriotic admirer of the achievements of Marshal Foch, writing in a eulogy of him in 1929 that "the first impression you received was of an infinite horizon–he seemed to look beyond the common limits of human sight. When in the course of conversation he looked in your direction you felt the same helpless sense of inferiority as when, upon a night in deep summer, you look up at the stars."
On the death of her father in 1929, she inherited one of his lesser estates, The Durdans at Epsom, which became her home. Among other things she inherited her father's extensive library at Durdans, much of which was sold at Sotheby's in 1933.
Some of Lady Sybil's designs were in ceramics, where she drew for inspiration on her love of animals, particularly the Suffolk Punch horses which she bred. She had a great love of animals and succeeded in breeding a rare strain of dog, the Shetland Toy, which she may have saved from extinction. In 1909 she became the first to breed the rare Pyrenean Mountain Dog in England, although examples had been imported earlier, including one owned by Queen Victoria in the 1850s.In 1937, Grant befriended the gypsies who regularly visited Epsom Downs during the Derby week, dressing herself in "unusual and romantic clothes." She allowed them the use of her land, setting it aside every year for them, so that they had a legal place to camp, which had the result of halting some of the hostility between the local people and the gypsies.
With the Reverend Edward Dorling she was a leading supporter of the "Lest We Forget" charitable fund, and on the charity's behalf she organised a fete in the grounds of The Durdans each year; here her pottery was often sold and in great demand.
In later life Lady Sybil Grant became an eccentric, spending much of her time in a caravan or up a tree, communicating with her butler through a megaphone. Widowed in 1950, she died in 1955 and was survived by her son.
On her death she donated 2,700 of the remaining books, pamphlets and manuscripts from her father's collections to the National Library of Scotland.  The bequest included many memoirs and pamphlets on British and European history of the 18th and 19th centuries, including biographies of Pitt and Napoleon; an uncensored first edition of Baudelaire's Les Fleurs du Mal (Paris, 1857); maps, particularly of the area around Epsom; dictionaries of slang and cant; religious works, particularly relating to Cardinal Newman; and works on horseracing and field sports, including a complete run of The Sporting Magazine from 1792 to 1870.
McKinstry, Leo (2005). Rosebery, a statesman in turmoil. London: John Murray (publishers). ISBN 978-0-7195-6586-1.
Gérard Bertrand (born January 27, 1965) is a former rugby union player who represented France, RC Narbonne, and the Stade Français and then retired from rugby to take over the family estate after the accidental death of his father to become a renowned winemaker of Languedoc-Roussillon.
Born on January 27, 1965 in Narbonne (Aude, France), Bertrand was then provided by his father Georges Bertrand his first experience in harvesting and winemaking at Domaine of Villemajou in Boutenac, in the Corbières region. In 1983, Gérard successfully received his Baccalauréat diploma and started his undergraduate studies in business administration and sport in Toulouse.
Bertrand practiced rugby at the highest level. In 1984 he started his career with RC Narbonne, where he played for 17 years. He finished his career in 1994 as captain of the Stade Français. During that season, the club was promoted. From 1987 to 1994, Bertrand was both rugby player and wine grower. After his retirement, Bertrand became president of the RC Narbonne.
In 2013, Gérard Bertrand is awarded the title of Red Winemaker of the Year 2012 in the International Wine Challenge.
The 10 Under 10 Film Festival was created by independent documentary filmmaker and University of Texas at Austin Associate Professor, Ellen Spiro.  The intention of the film festival is to encourage raw creativity among new filmmakers without relying on huge budgets.
Since 2002 the film festival has showcased short, high-quality, low-budget documentaries "founded on the notion that great ideas can happen on no budget and in little time. As a film professor, Spiro says she’s watched too many students get caught in the romance of film school debt and challenges filmmakers to make films with "little money but lots of substance and inventiveness".The name expresses the informal desire to show ten films, each less than ten minutes long, costing less than $10 to make.
"Shorts on a Shoestring:  The Texas Documentary Tour Presents 10 Under 10."  The Austin Chronicle.  2005-5-6.  Retrieved on 2007-7-11.
"Ten Little Indies: UT and AFS Team up for a Doc Tour Deviation: 10 films Under 10 Minutes Long Made for Less Than $10."  The Austin Chronicle.  2004-5-7.  Retrieved on 2007-7-11.
"Through a Student's Lens, Quirkily Texas Documentary Tour presents '10 under 10'".  The Austin Chronicle.  2003-5-9.  Retrieved on 2007-7-11.
Bridge to Terabithia is a 1985 American made-for-television fantasy drama film produced for the PBS series WonderWorks, starring Annette O'Toole, Julian Coutts, and Julie Beaulieu. It was shot in Edmonton, Alberta. It is based on the children's novel of the same name by Katherine Paterson.
The story was based on the death of Lisa Hill, the best friend of Katherine Paterson's son David, who was struck and killed by lightning when she was eight years old.
In a 2007 interview, David, who later co-wrote the 2007 movie version, referred to this version as being "like the crazy cousin in a mental hospital that nobody talks about" and goes on to say that "no one on our side was either involved with it or happy with the final product."
Ten-year-old Jess Aarons (Julian Coutts) is an aspiring yet shy fifth grader living in a financially struggling family. Ten-year-old Leslie Burke (Julie Beaulieu) is the new girl at his school, just arriving on its athletics day. She enters a running event which she wins with ease, despite her classmates calling it a "boys only" race. Jess is, at first, quite sour about this and wants nothing to do with her, but her persistence in meeting him soon pays off, with them becoming friends. He shares his secret love of drawing with her; she shares with him her love of fantasy stories. Together they venture into the woods, where they go across a creek on the trunk of a partially fallen tree, and later build a "castle" (actually a small shed) on the other side. Here, they invent a whole new world, Terabithia, and it comes to life through their eyes, which they explore together. They base the Creatures of Terabithia on the people that give them a hard time at school.
Their teacher, Miss Edmunds (Annette O'Toole), notices Jess' artistic skills and decides to take him on a field trip to an art museum. He has an unspoken crush on her and does not want to share the trip with Leslie, so he goes without inviting her.
When Jess returns home, his family is worried sick, as they neglected to listen when he said he was going, then tells him the horrific news: Leslie died after trying to cross the fallen tree over a rain-swollen creek, only to fall in and drown, possibly hitting her head in the fall. Jess grieves for her, and he and his parents visit hers together.
Jess feels overwhelming guilt for Leslie's death, thinking that it would not have happened had he invited her along on his trip with Miss Edmunds. He is consoled by his father that their intense friendship should be kept alive for her sake. Later, after crossing the creek, he hears a girl's voice calling for help and finds his little sister, May Belle, on the fallen tree trunk, frozen with terror after trying to follow him across. He rescues her, takes a minute to comfort her, then invites her to be the new queen, who is delighted after being previously denied every opportunity to enter Terabithia. She and Jess bring it back in even greater splendor; he the king and she the princess, and they rule over the free people of the kingdom together forever.
Synapse is a science fiction thriller directed by music video director Kenlon Clark. The screenplay was written by Adam G. Simon who also penned the original story and screenplay for Man Down. Simon also stars in the film alongside Sophina Brown, Henry Simmons, Joshua Alba, Charley Boon and Will Rubio. The sound design for the film was done by Emmy Award winning sound designer Michael Archacki and the score was created by Christian Davis.
Synapse is the first theatrical content produced by Los Angeles Center Studios and Hollywood Locations.
The film takes places in a future where a bio tech narcotic has become the drug of choice for addicts and dealers. “Mems” as they are called, allows the user to download memories provided by “Mem Farmers.”  The story follows an addicted memory dealer Nathan Stafford as he is chased relentlessly by federal narcotics agents bent on keeping the secrets he has locked in his mind hidden.
The following is a list of English-speaking population by country, including information on both native speakers and second-language speakers.
Some of the entries in this list are dependent territories (eg: U.S. Virgin Islands), autonomous regions (eg: Hong Kong) or associated states (eg: Cook Islands) of other countries, rather than being fully sovereign countries in their own right.
 The European Union is a supranational union composed of 28 member states. The combined total English-speaking population (2012) is 256,876,220 (out of a total population of 500,000,000, i.e. 51%) including 65,478,252 native speakers and 191,397,968 non-native speakers, and would be ranked 2nd if it were included. English native speakers amount to 13% of the whole Union population, while the percentage of people that speak English "well enough in order to be able to have a conversation", either as first (32%), second (11%) or third (3%) foreign language, was 38%.
When taken from this list and added together, the total number of English speakers in the world adds up to around 1,200,000,000. Likewise, the total number of native English speakers adds up to around 350,000,000. This implies that there are approximately 850,000,000 people who speak English as an additional language.
Ramaswami, Sowmya; Sarraf, Iyad; Jon, Haydon (April 2012), The Benefits of the English Language for Individuals and Societies: Quantitative Indicators from Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco, Tunisia and Yemen (PDF), Euromonitor International Ltd
Raymond G. Gordon Jr. (ed.), ed. (2005). "English". Ethnologue: Languages of the World (Fifteenth ed.). Dallas, Texas: SIL International. ISBN 978-1-55671-159-6.CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
Eurobarometer report – Europeans and their languages, February 2006 (pdf). Only includes EU citizens aged 15 and above.
Eurobarometer report – Europeans and their languages, June 2012 (pdf). Only includes EU citizens aged 15 and above.
Crystal, David (2003). English as a Global Language. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-53032-3.
Stephen Michael Gleeson (born 3 August 1988) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Aberdeen.
Gleeson played youth football in his native Dublin before coming to England at the age of 15 to join Wolverhampton Wanderers. He rarely played first-team football for them, but spent time on loan to lower-league clubs Stockport County (three separate spells), Hereford United and Milton Keynes Dons, before signing a three-year contract with the latter club in 2009. After five years, during which time he made more than 200 appearances in all competitions, Gleeson moved on to Birmingham City. He spent three-and-a-half seasons at Birmingham, making more than 100 appearances in the Championship, then, after a short spell with Ipswich Town, he signed for Scottish club Aberdeen in June 2018.
At international level, Gleeson was capped twice for the Republic of Ireland in 2007, and was not capped again for nearly ten years. He also represented his country at under-age levels, and made 16 appearances for the under-21 team.
Gleeson was born in Dublin, an only child, and raised in Crumlin, in the south of the city. As a youngster he admired Roy Keane, and tried to model his game on that of Steven Gerrard. He played for nearby Lourdes Celtic before moving on to Cherry Orchard. In the 2002–03 season, he scored a winning goal against a title rival to win the 14 Premier League, and scored with an "excellent volley" as Cherry Orchard won the SFAI under-15 Evans Cup the following year. Recommended to Wolverhampton Wanderers by their Irish scout, Willie Byrne, Gleeson came to England as a 15-year-old for a trial, and joined their academy.He made his reserve-team debut on 24 August 2004 as a late substitute in their first home fixture of the season – three weeks after his 16th birthday – and by October 2004, he was starting. He helped Wolves' youth team reach the semifinal of that season's FA Youth Cup, but was sent off in extra time in the second leg, and Wolves lost on penalties to Southampton. He continued to appear regularly for the reserves. In 2005–06, he scored 4 goals from 16 reserve-team appearances, and at the beginning of May 2006, he signed his first professional contract, of three years. Describing him as a playmaker with "good pace [who] gets forward, with an eye for goal", academy manager Chris Evans said that Gleeson had trained with the first team "from time to time" and had impressed manager Glenn Hoddle.
Gleeson was given a first-team squad number for 2006–07, through by the time the season began, Hoddle had resigned and been replaced by Mick McCarthy. Gleeson joined League Two club Stockport County on a month's loan in November, with the aim of gaining experience and returning to Wolves to fight for a first-team place. An unused substitute in County's next match, Gleeson made his senior debut on 11 November in a 2–1 victory at Exeter City in the FA Cup, and his first appearance in the Football League came the following weekend in the starting eleven for a 1–1 draw away to Chester City. The loan was extended for a second month, and on 9 December, he scored his first senior goal, a header from Adam Proudlock's cross to complete a 5–2 win against Darlington. He said afterwards that he "just closed [his] eyes and hoped for the best". He thought his second goal had come a few days later, when his last-minute 30-yard (27 m) shot off the crossbar appeared to cross the line before bouncing out for Liam Dickinson to seal a 2–0 win against Notts County.His loan was again extended, and by the time it expired he had made 17 appearances, scored again, with a tap-in as Stockport beat Wycombe Wanderers 2–0, and his manager was "sad to see him go, [but] also excited for him because he is going to have a great future in the game. He leaves as a better player with more self-confidence and one who deserves to play at a higher level." The supporters designated his final appearance, against Hereford United, "Stephen Gleeson Day".McCarthy recalled Gleeson to Wolves to be part of the first-team squad, and he returned "bursting with confidence and desperate for a first team chance", only to find a winning team and strong competition for a place in midfield. He made the first-team bench for the first time on 3 March, and made his Wolves debut on 9 April, as a late substitute in a 3–1 defeat of Hull City. He made two more brief league appearances, and played for half an hour in the second leg of the play-off semi-final, which Wolves lost 4–2 on aggregate. He came close to creating a goal for his side when his long ball forward was deflected past Albion's goalkeeper by a defender, who managed to recover in time to clear it off the line.
After Gleeson's pre-season was disrupted by injury, he damaged a hip in the League Cup in late August, and a month later, he was allowed home leave to recover from concussion and a loss of feeling in the leg sustained in collision with the opposing goalkeeper in a reserve match. He captained the reserves, but made no more appearances for the first team before joining League Two club Hereford United on 21 February 2008 on a month's loan. Starting in central midfield against local rivals Shrewsbury Town, the Hereford Times reported that he "struggled to come to terms with the pace of the game during the first half but showed his quality in the second period", a performance that earned him a place in the League Two Team of the Week. In his second match, he should have done better with a shooting chance, and after the third, a defeat to promotion rivals Stockport, manager Graham Turner made several changes; Gleeson lost his place to first-team regular Toumani Diagouraga who returned after injury. Because Hereford had more loanees than the five permitted in the matchday squad, Gleeson was not always involved, but he did come back into the side as a second-half substitute on 22 March. Although Turner wanted to retain his services, he returned to Wolves and promptly rejoined Stockport until the end of the season, subject to a 24-hour recall clause.
Gleeson played in six of Stockport's remaining seven regular-season league matches as they finished fourth, and faced Wycombe Wanderers in the play-off semi-final. In the first leg, at Wycombe's Adams Park ground, Stockport were a goal behind when half-time substitute Gleeson "sent an effort from 25 yards out spiralling past goalkeeper Frank Fielding with eight minutes remaining"; the Daily Telegraph's reporter termed it a "blistering" volley and a "piledriver". The goal was later voted Stockport's Goal of 2008 by fans. Early in the second leg, the danger from his "ridiculous" headed back-pass was only averted by his goalkeeper's agility, as Stockport went on to win the match 1–0. He started in the final, in which Stockport beat Rochdale 3–2 to win promotion to League One.His association with Stockport continued the following season as he spent the first half of the campaign on loan with the club. Gleeson accused Wolves of "a bit of a bullying tactic" in trying to make him sign a contract extension before allowing him to move –  he resisted, saying there was no hurry, and he would not sign unless the terms were acceptable –  and was fined two weeks' wages for criticising the club. Stockport manager Gannon claimed the player had been so upset by the matter that he had considered giving up the game. He missed only four of Stockport's thirty matches during the loan spell: one while on international duty with the Ireland under-21 team and three while suspended after being sent off for an off-the-ball incident. He scored three goals – each time with a powerful shot from at least 15 yards (14 m) –  and when his loan spell ended, the team were fifth in the division.Gleeson returned to his parent club, where he still hoped for a long-term future despite referring to himself as "the forgotten man". He signed a one-year extension to his contract. Injuries and suspensions among the Wolves players prevented his going out on loan until late March, when he joined League One club Milton Keynes Dons for the remainder of the season. He provided two assists for Mark Wright as MK Dons won 2–0 at Southend United, and generally impressed "with his all-action performances and slick passing" in four consecutive wins, but on his fifth appearance, suffered ankle ligament damage that kept him out of their ultimately unsuccessful play-off campaign.
Following Wolves' promotion to the Premier League, Gleeson was made available for transfer. He had played under Roberto di Matteo's management while on loan at MK Dons, and despite Di Matteo's departure for West Bromwich Albion and replacement by Paul Ince, he signed a three-year contract with the club on 1 July 2009. the fee, officially undisclosed, was described as nominal. He was used in various midfield positions, including wide on the right, which was not to his taste, and at the base of a diamond, and was encouraged to break up play as well as perform his more accustomed creative role. After a 1–0 win against Wycombe Wanderers in September, Ince said that Gleeson "set the tempo for the game in the first minute with a great tackle and we just pushed on from there." MK Dons had begun the season as possible promotion contenders, but a strong start gave way to a slide into midtable, in which indiscipline was a factor. By mid-February, the team had received 100 yellow cards, far more than any other; Gleeson was a major contributor with 10, which earned him a two-match suspension. He was booked twice more before his season ended early when he damaged medial knee ligaments.Gleeson's knee recovered in time for pre-season training, and he began the 2010–11 season in the unaccustomed position of right back, to which new manager Karl Robinson thought him well suited. He injured his back in his second appearance and was out of action for three months. When he did return, in his more usual position of central midfield, he "[showed] all his customary composure and quality in possession" in a friendly match, and went on to play in every competitive fixture until the final one of the regular season, for which, with a play-off place secure, Robinson selected a young team. He scored twice, the first a "wonder goal" from 30 yards (27 m) against Leyton Orient in January 2011 that won the club's Goal of the Season award. In the first leg of the play-off semi-final, MK Dons took a 3–1 lead, but with ten minutes left, Gleeson was sent off for bringing down Mark Little and a penalty was awarded and converted. The sending-off was rescinded on appeal, but Peterborough United won the second leg 2–0, qualifying for the final 4–3 on aggregate, and Gleeson and teammate Keanu Marsh-Brown came to blows in frustration. In June, Peterborough's reported £600,000 offer for Gleeson was rejected.Gleeson was appointed vice-captain in July 2011. Both player and manager hoped the responsibility might curb his hot-headedness and help him mature. Early in the new season, he confirmed that he wanted to play at Championship level, so was not going to sign a new contract until he knew whether MK Dons were to be promoted or not. The club's website highlighted his central midfield partnership with Darren Potter, a new signing with whom Gleeson had played for Wolves' reserves and in international football, as integral to the team's good start to the season, and the pair helped MK Dons come close to eliminating Premier League Queens Park Rangers in the third round of the FA Cup. He played in 39 of the 46 League One matches and scored 5 league goals as the team were rarely out of the play-off positions, but indiscipline remained an issue. On 6 March, he returned from suspension for his tenth yellow card, only to be sent off for kicking an opponent late in the home defeat to Yeovil Town. After a lengthy talk with the player, manager Robinson stated publicly that if Gleeson did not learn from his mistakes, he would not be offered another contract. He and Potter were both named in the Professional Footballers' Association's League One Team of the Year, and together with winger Luke Chadwick were among the top ten players as chosen by the League One managers.MK Dons narrowly failed to overcome a 2–0 deficit to Huddersfield Town in the second leg of the play-off semi-final. Gleeson was in tears afterwards, and Robinson said that the criticism he had received during the season for an apparent attitude problem was misplaced. According to the manager, his "[looking] like he's moody, doesn't care and only does it for himself" is a misperception; "he gets wrapped up the fact that he cares so much – sometimes he shows it in the wrong way." Despite interest from numerous Championship clubs, Gleeson signed a new two-year contract, saying that he wanted to play at that level with MK Dons and with Robinson.
Robinson's team, built round Gleeson, Potter and Chadwick, were second in the table by the end of November. On 2 December 2012, Gleeson produced another goal from distance to open the scoring in MK Dons' first meeting with AFC Wimbledon. MK Dons won 2–1 to progress to the third round of that season's FA Cup, and the goal was voted the club's goal of the season. A couple of weeks later, he suffered a break in his left foot during training, which coincided with Chadwick damaging knee ligaments. During their absence, MK Dons dropped down the league. Gleeson returned in a match against Doncaster Rovers on 5 March 2013, which he celebrated with a goal to seal a 3–0 victory. Captaining the side in Dean Lewington's absence through injury in April, Gleeson scored a late winner against Brentford to lead the team to a second consecutive victory as they went on to finish four points outside the play-off places. Robinson speculated whether the disruption to the team caused by Gleeson's and Chadwick's injuries might have cost them promotion.Early in the new season, Gleeson played an influential part in MK Dons twice coming from a goal behind to draw with Bristol City, "barking out orders and putting in the miles as he tracked box-to-box, popping up all over the pitch with vital tackles and hold-up play." In December, while still returning to form and fitness, he produced another "wonder goal" against Port Vale, and followed it up in the next week match a similar effort to open the scoring as MK Dons won 2–0 at Crawley Town. His performances and those of the team –  their only defeat came in a match for which Gleeson was suspended, after a fifth yellow card received for unnecessary involvement in someone else's dispute in the Crawley match –  earned him a nomination for League One Player of the Month. By the end of the season, Robinson suggested that the team had reached "a stage when some of the players have run their race here". Although he was "desperate" for Gleeson to stay, he was not prepared to be kept waiting for a decision.
On 9 June, Gleeson signed a two-year contract with Championship club Birmingham City, to begin when his MK Dons contract expired at the end of the 2013–14 season. The Irish Independent's Daniel McDonnell suggested he was one of several Irish players who needed to prove themselves in the coming season. He made his debut in the starting eleven for the opening-day defeat at Middlesbrough, but failed to establish himself in the team: of the twelve league matches under Lee Clark's management, he started five and came on as a substitute in five as Birmingham dropped towards the relegation places. Clark's successor, Gary Rowett, included Gleeson in his first starting eleven, playing in front of the defensive line in a goalless draw at Wolverhampton Wanderers. This time, Gleeson did keep his place, tasked with "launching the counter-attacks" from Rowett's preferred 4–2–3–1 formation as his "effective midfield partnership" with David Davis started 18 consecutive league matches. Gleeson was sent off for retaliation in February 2016 as Birmingham beat Brentford, and new loan signing Robert Tesche of Nottingham Forest took his place alongside Davis. He returned to the side after his suspension as part of a three-man midfield, but when Rowett reverted to 4–2–3–1, it was Gleeson's passing that earned him selection ahead of Davis as Tesche's partner.Ahead of the 2015–16 season, Gleeson signed a two-year extension to his contract that took its expiry date to 2018. Having gone through 2014–15 without scoring, he produced two goals in nine days in August 2015, contributing to his nomination for the Championship Player of the Month. The first came just before half-time at home to Derby County when his 30-yard (27 m) shot was deflected past the goalkeeper by a defender. For the second, away to his former club MK Dons, he curled Clayton Donaldson's cutback over the goalkeeper into the corner of the net; later in the match, he was stretchered off with an ankle injury that proved less serious than initially feared. He continued as first choice in a two-man midfield, generally partnering new signing Maikel Kieftenbeld, and according to the Birmingham Mail, was "arguably Blues' most important player, knitting together defence and attack and adding goals to his game". After an influential performance and a 25-yard (23 m) goal in a 5–2 win away to Fulham in November, Rowett sais he "[didn't] think there [was] a better passing defensive midfielder in the division." His celebration of a fortuitous goal in a 3–0 win at Derby earned him a booking for inciting the home supporters, and he apologised to the stewards after the match. Both his and the team's performances dipped towards the end of the season, which he finished with five goals from 46 appearances in all competitions.Gleeson was linked with moves to other Championship clubs, including Leeds United, Reading and Sheffield Wednesday, during the close season, and his pre-season was disrupted by an infected toe, but he still began the new campaign in the starting eleven. His selection as a starter was intermittent, dependent on injuries – his own or others' – as well as on the sheer number of central midfielders available, especially after the creative Reece Brown returned to consideration. Playing a more advanced role in a 4–4–2 formation, Gleeson scored a winning goal against Blackburn Rovers in October, which preceded a run in the starting eleven, under both Rowett and his successor, Gianfranco Zola. As poor results continued, Zola introduced Tesche, whom he perceived as more capable defensively, and Gleeson started only one match in the last two months of the campaign.
Gleeson left Birmingham on a free transfer on 19 January 2018, and signed until the end of the season for another Championship club, Ipswich Town, under the management of Mick McCarthy who had given him his debut at Wolverhampton Wanderers. He made his first appearance the following day, as a half-time substitute in a 1–1 draw away to Bolton Wanderers, and according to McCarthy – perhaps in response to fans reportedly "underwhelmed" by the arrival of a fringe player from a struggling side – was "a mile above anyone else in terms of getting it and passing it." Facing strong competition for places in central midfield, his first-team appearances became infrequent – five starts and five as substitute – and he was not offered a new deal.
Gleeson was capped at under-15 and under-16 level, before making his debut for the Republic of Ireland under-17 team in 2004. His Football Association of Ireland (FAI) profile described his performance in the first qualifying round of the 2005 UEFA European Under-17 Championship as outstanding. Ireland finished second in their group, so progressed to the elite round. Gleeson scored as his team beat Northern Ireland 2–1, but defeats to Serbia and Montenegro and England meant they failed to reach the tournament proper.He first appeared for the under-19s at the age of 17 years 6 months – a year younger than most of his teammates – against Scotland in a friendly tournament at La Manga in February 2006. After a couple of appearances at under-18 level, Gleeson was included in the squad for that year's European Under-19 Championship elite qualification round. He started one match and played as a substitute in the other two; Ireland lost all three. He was vice-captain of the under-19 team as they reached the same stage of the 2007 competition, but withdrew from the qualifiers because of club commitments with Wolves in the Championship play-offs.Gleeson was the youngest of eleven uncapped players included by Steve Staunton in the Ireland squad for a two-match visit to the United States in May 2007. He made his senior international debut as a 79th-minute substitute in a 1–1 draw with Ecuador at Giants Stadium on 23 May, and also played in the second match, a 1–1 draw with Bolivia, again as a substitute. Years later he admitted that "I don't think I did my best out there. I was a bit overawed: the senior team, 18 years of age, with all these names around me."Three months later, Gleeson marked his under-21 debut with both goals in a 2–2 friendly draw with Germany. He went on to make 16 appearances at under-21 level, and captained the team in November 2009 in a 4–1 defeat against Armenia in a European Championship qualifier.Despite his early introduction to the senior team, Gleeson was not called up again for nine years. He had previously expressed disappointment at his omission even when 40-man squads were named for Ireland matches, but in March 2016 manager Martin O'Neill selected him in the squad for friendlies against Switzerland and Slovakia. He was an unused substitute in both matches. Gleeson received a late call-up to the senior squad for a friendly at home to Iceland in March 2017, and this time did take the field, as a second-half substitute, winning his third cap nearly ten years after his second; Ireland lost 1–0. He was included in a weakened squad for two internationals in the United States in June, and on 1 June, he scored his first goal for Ireland, three minutes after coming on as a substitute in a 3–1 defeat to Mexico at the MetLife Stadium.
Olaf Solumsmoen (19 July 1896 - 22 September 1972) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Sigdal, and decided to be a stenographer. He was hired in the Labour Party newspaper Fremtiden in Drammen, where he also was involved in local politics. He eventually left stenography to become a journalist. He worked as chief editor for the Labour Party press office Arbeidernes Pressekontor from 1931 to 1946. During the Nazi occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1945, an underground newspaper  was published  titled Bulletinen. The first editors were Olaf Solumsmoen and Olav Larssen . Both men were arrested and imprisoned. Solumsmoen was imprisoned at Grini concentration camp (Norwegian: Grini fangeleir) from 27 January 1942 to the end of the war, 8 May 1945.From 1946 Solumsmoen worked as "night editor" of Arbeiderbladet, the primary Labour Party newspaper. In 1948 he was hired as press secretary (title changed to state secretary in 1956) to the Prime Minister during Einar Gerhardsen's second cabinet until 1951, Oscar Torp's cabinet 1951-1955, third 1955-1963 and fourth cabinet Gerhardsen 1963-1965.
 The tenure was only interrupted by the cabinet Lyng administration, which reigned for a month in 1963. He died in 1972 in Oslo.
Ottosen, Kristian (2004)    Nordmenn i fangenskap 1940–1945  (Oslo: Universitetsforlaget) ISBN 82-15-00288-9.
Cathedral of the Holy Name of Mary (Belarusian: Архікатэдральны касцёл Імя Найсвяцейшай Панны Марыі, Archikatedralny kascioł  Imia Najsviaciejšaj  Panny Maryi) is a Roman Catholic baroque cathedral in Minsk. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Minsk-Mohilev.
It was built under the Polish rule in 1710 as a church for the Jesuit house. In 1793, after the Russian conquest of Belarusian part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, the Jesuit order was banned and the church got a local status. Soon, after creation of the Minsk diocese, the church became the local cathedral.
The Cathedral was heavily damaged in a fire in 1797, but was later fully renewed. In 1869, the Minsk diocese was liquidated and the church got a parafial status. In November 1917, the diocese was restored; Zygmunt Lazinski was appointed as a bishop.
During the Second World War, the Germans allowed the cathedral to function again, but after the war it was again closed down by the Soviets. In 1951, the cathedral's bell towers were intentionally destroyed by Soviet artillery and the building itself was given to the Spartak sports society.
In the beginning of the 1990s, religious services started again. In 1993, the building was given back to the Roman Catholics; by 1997 it was renewed.
In 2005, the church was given a new organ manufactured in Austria. Around the same time, the frescoes created in the 18th century were also restored.
"Love Sensation" is a 1980 song performed by American R&B singer Loleatta Holloway, taken from her album of the same name. The song was produced and written by Dan Hartman, arranged by Norman Harris, and mixed by Tom Moulton. It was a hit on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart, where the song spent a week at No. 1 in September 1980.
"Ride On Time" (1989) (Holloway's vocal as well as the Salsoul Orchestra's instrumental portions) by Black Box
The Wehn valley (native German name: Wehntal) area is situated between the Lägern and Egg mountain chain in the Dielsdorf District of the Canton of Zürich in Switzerland. To the east the valley is bounded by a moraine of the Linth glacier, respectively the lower Glatt Valley near Dielsdorf, and in the west it passes over to the border of the Canton of Aargau respectively the drainage bassin of the Surb Valley (native German name: Surbtal) and the river of the same name which rises in the Wehntal. The population of the region is expanding rapidly due to its proximity to city of Zürich and its beautiful landscape.
About 185,000 years ago, a side lobe of the Walensee/Reinglacier overlapped on the threshold at the present Pfannenstiel eastern slope from Hombrechtikon into the Glatttal towards Niederweningen, and eroded the overdeepened rock rut of the present Wehntal area. During melting of the glacier, Wehntal, the lower Glatttal and Furttal filled about 180,000 to 150,000 years ago with cold glacial lakes. After another glacier maximum about 140,000 years ago, the ice melted in the last Eemian (interglacial) period back far into the alpine valleys, and great lakes with border union fens filled the former glacial basin. During the Würm glaciation and again about 45,000 years ago, mammoths and other Ice Age animals lived in the largely silted Wehntal. During the last glacial maximum about 24,000 years ago the glaciers pushed again to the lower Glatttal, but not to Wehntal. With the increasing warming period about 20,000 years ago, the glaciers melted away in stages to Zürich, later Hurden and formed the Seedamm at the Obersee lake shore respectively the Ufenau, Lützelau and Heilig Hüsli islands on Zürichsee, and finally the glaciers retreated into the alpine mountains.In 1890 the most important site of ice animals in Switzerland was discovered in Niederweningen. Particularly the uppermost deposits with the so-called Mammut turf layer were studied up in about 5 metres (16 ft) depth, and between 1983 and 1985 by three research boreholes to a depth of 21 metres (69 ft). In 1994 a groundwater bore in Oberweningen proved that the Wehntal area originally laid at least 130 metres (430 ft) deeper than the present valley floor and had to be caused by glacial erosion. In 2003 the remains of a Mammoth were found, and further finds resulted in the establishment of the present Mammutmuseum Niederweningen.
Archaeological finds date back to the Roman era. The term Wehn may derived from the probably Allamanic name Waninc respectively Wano, meaning Wano's valley. The heartland of the possessions of the medieval House of Regensberg was in the Furt and Wehn valleys besides the Lägern chain, where around 1050 AD the family built its ancestral seat Altburg near Zürich-Affoltern and two centuries later Neu-Regensberg on the eastern Lägern slope.
The area is part of the S-Bahn Zürich on the line S15, and around the city of Zürich provided by Verkehrsbetriebe Zürich (VBZ), the public transport operator in the city of Zurich and its suburbs.
Roger Sablonier: Adel im Wandel. Untersuchungen zur sozialen Situation des ostschweizerischen Adels um 1300. Chronos-Verlag, Zürich 1979/2000. ISBN 978-3-905313-55-0.
Pensacola Comic Convention (Pensacola Comic Con; formerly known as Pensacola Para Con Comic Convention) was a convention for fans of science fiction, horror, fantasy, gaming, anime, costuming, fan films, and indie films held annually in Pensacola, Florida. The event is owned by Pensacola Comic Convention LLC. The event offers celebrity meet and greets, discussion panels, workshops, yard-sale vendor area, film screenings, demonstrations, costume contests, and competitions. The event also offers investigations at local historic haunted locations such the Pensacola Victorian Inn, the Pensacola Light House, the Pensacola Gray House, and the Pensacola Little Theater. A portion of the proceeds of the event are donated to Making Strides with Breast Cancer.
Pensacola Comic Convention (Pensacola Comic Con) was started in the Fall of 2010 by Ericka Boussarhane, (psychic medium and paranormal investigator). She felt the Florida Panhandle and Emerald Coast community did not have anything that mixed all the con genres of science fiction, horror, fantasy, gaming, anime, costuming, indie films, artists, celebrities, comics, Renaissance, cosplay, steampunk, theater, performing, literature, publishing, arts, mystery, collecting, model construction, film making, and paranormal.
held September 17–18, 2010. Guest, among others, was Patrick Burns, Scott Tepperman GHI, and Brad and Barry Klinge  (paranormal investigator)Ghost Lab2011
held October 15–16, 2011. Guest, among others, were Brian Harnois Ghost Hunters, George Noory, Brian J. Cano and Chris Mancuso Scared! Haunted Collector, Ken Gerhard American cryptozoologist, Scott Tepperman GHI, and Raymond Moody2012
held September 22–23, 2012. Guest, among others, was Dave Lapham and Scott Tepperman GHI, The Christine Movie Car, Ari Lehman, and Skeeter The Duck.2013
held August 17–18, 2013. Guests, among others, were RJ Haddy, Richard Epcar, Cindy Morgan, Jason Faunt, Jim O'Rear, Ari Lehman, Michael Berryman, Scott Tepperman, and Addy Miller.2014
held August 9–10, 2014. Guests, among others, were Lou Ferrigno, Erin Cahill, Jason Faunt, Erika Eleniak, C. Thomas Howell, Jim O'Rear, Fred Williams, Robin Shelby, Gil Gerard, Scott Tepperman, Sonny Strait, Cleve Hall, Oliver Robins and Ari Lehman.2015
held August 8–9, 2015. Guests, among others, were Randy Couture, Eric Roberts, Lori Petty, Karyn Parsons, Tatyana Ali, Jennifer Rhodes, Greg Cipes, Teddy Long, Michael Copon, Hilary Shepard, Jim O'Rear, Michael Jai White, Larry Wilcox, Rocky Johnson, Scott Tepperman, Jim Tavaré, Bobby Campo, Schoolly D, 501st Legion; BATCOPTER N3079G BATMAN, the 1966 BATMOBILE, and BATCYCLE.2016
will be held August 20–21, 2016. Guests will be Dennis Rodman (NBA Legend), Adrian Paul, (Highlander, War of the Worlds), Corbin Bernsen ( (L.A. Law, Psych, The Dentist, Major League), Ciara Hanna (Power Rangers Megaforce), Johnny Yong Bosch (Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Ichigo Kurosaki in Bleach), Tim Russ Star Trek: Voyager, Fall Out 4, ICarly), Gary Schwartz (Team Fortress, Demoman, Star Trek, Batman Returns), Robert LaSardo (Death Race, CSI Miami, Nip Tuck), Larry Nemecek ("Dr. Trek" Star Trek Continues), Dave Fennoy ("Lee Everett" Walking Dead, Hulu, Prototype, The Wolf Among Us), David Della Rocco (The Boondock Saints), Erika Ervin ("Amazon Eve" American Horror Story), Eugene A. Clark ("Big Daddy" Land of the Dead), Jeremy Palko ( The Walking Dead, Vampire Diaries), Justin Kucsulain (The Walking Dead, Bloodlines), Gulf South Wrestling Reunion, Jerry Stubbs, Robert Fuller, Bullet Bob Armstrong, Chuck Wagner (Automan), Mike Mundy (Walking Dead), Knightmage (American Cosplayer), Alex Vincent (Child's Play, Curse of Chucky), Zach Galligan (Gremlins, Star Trek, Hatchet), William Katt (The Greatest American Hero), Michael Beck (Warriors, Xanadu), Jerrad Vunovich (Walking Dead, Hunger Games, American Horror Story), Shadow Clone (Geek Rock Party, Nerdcore Rap Artist), Bruce Carr (No Ordinary Balloon Artist), Gulf South Wrestling, E & E Wrestling, Mystery Machine Van from Scooby-Doo, Jurassic Park Tour Vehicle, Cosplay Inc, and Tennessee Wraith Chasers Ghost Asylum, and more.2017
will be held August 17–18, 2017. Guests will be {[Corbin Bernsen]], (L.A. Law), (Psych), (The Dentist), (Major League), Scott Steiner AKA ((Big Poppa Pump)), ((The Big Bad Booty Daddy)), ((Freakzilla)), Genetic Freak- Pro Wrestler, Broward Batman Batmobile and 4Kids in Need, Hector David Jr. ((Power Rangers Samurai)), ((Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief)), Rick Cosnett ((The Flash)), ((Vampire Diaries)), ((Quantico)), Eddie Deezen ((Grease)), ((Grease 2)), ((Midnight Madness)), ((1941)), and ((WarGames)), Martin Klebba ((Pirates of the Caribbean)),  ((CSI)), ((Scrubs)), ((Bones)), and ((Charmed)), Ghost Brothers Dalen Spratt, Juwan Mass, and Marcus Harvey, Ann Marie Crouch ((Princess Shayla)), ((Power Rangers)), John Mangus ((Jurassic World)), ((Fantastic Four)), ((Hot Tub Time Machine 2)), True Detective, Escape Plan, Dawn of the Planet , Scott Tepperman Syfy Channel's ((Ghost Hunters International)), Nightblade, Night of the Living Dead: Genesis, Jim O' Rear ((Don't Look in the Basement 2)), The Hospital, The Hospital 2, Camp Massacre, Hybrid, and I Dared You! Truth or Dare 5 Nicholas Roylance, Ridiculous Films, Bruce Carr aka No Ordinary Balloon Man, Gene Hamil Twisted Carnival Studios, Joey Oropeza Pecach Pictures and more.
Moon, Troy "Take a walk on the weird side Spice up your summer UFO tours and ghost walks""Pensacola News Journal" Retrieved on Jul. 10, 2009
McKeon, Jennie  "Ghost Hunting in Downtown Pensacola" "Inweekly Newspaper" Retrieved on September 15, 2010
Ross, Rebecca  " Nothing 'normal' at this gathering"  "Pensacola News Journal" Retrieved Sept 20, 2010.
Moon, Troy Troy Moon " All things paranormal coming town"  "Pensacola News Journal"  Retrieved Oct. 11, 2011
Staff Writer "Pensacola Para Con 2011Ghost Hunting, Sci-Fi Convention " "Fox 10 News" Retrieved Oct 11 2011.
Staff Writer "Pensacola Paracon Sept. 22-23 at Pensacola Fairgrounds " "Mullet Wrapper Newspaper" Retrieved September 18, 2012
Staff writer " Ghosts paranormal activity at 2012 Pensacola Para Con" "WEAR TV 3 News"  Retrieved September 23, 2012
Cooper, Josh  "Pensacola Paracon offers a walk on the weird side" "Pensacola News Journal" Retrieved Sep. 24, 2012
Medina,  Kristina "Pensacola Paracon beckons those seeking paranormal experience" "The Voyager" Retrieved April 13, 2013
Barnwell, Alison " Spring Hill man builds 'Lone Ranger' diorama with Legos"  "Tampa Bay Times Newspaper" Retrieved July 3, 2013
Staff writer "DANCE, DANCE PARA-CON Fans of zombies, the paranormal, and horror films have reason to rejoice:" "Inweekly Newspaper", Retrieved July 3, 2013
Pillion, Dennis "Pensacola Para Con bringing 'geek paradise' to the Panhandle this weekend" "Al.com Newspaper" Retrieved August 14, 2013
Diaz, Julio "Scare up some fun at Pensacola Para-Con"  "Pensacola News Journal" Retrieved Aug 16, 2013
Pillion, Dennis " Newspaper Zombies, comic characters, costume buffs turn out in droves at Pensacola Para Con "  "Al.com Newspaper" Retrieved August 17, 2013
Pillion, Dennis "This weekend at the beach: Blues music, Friday night lights and more cosplay" "Al.com Newspaper" Retrieved August 23, 2013
BGG Staff  "Meet Your Favorite Film & TV Stars At Pensacola Para Con " "BGG After Dark", Retrieved March 2014
Moon, troy "Paranormal, sci-fi convention returns "  "Pensacola News Journal" Retrieved July 1, 2014
Easton, Ed cultured/12698469/  "Barnes & Noble in Pensacola kicks off its Get Pop-Cultured series Friday. " "Pensacola News Journal" Retrieved July 15, 2014
Staff Writer " The Incredible Hulk will be at Pensacola" "Mullet Wrapper Newspaper" Retrieved July 23, 2014
Moon, Troy  " Lou Ferrigno, C. Thomas Howell at Para Con" Pensacola News Journal Retrieved Aug 8 2014
Emer, Joe  " Pensacola Paracon kicks off this weekend and promises to be a blast" Fox 10 NewsRetrieved Aug 2014
The National Union for Independence and Revolution (in French Union Nationale pour l'indépendance et la révolution or UNIR) was the ruling party in Chad between 1984 and 1990. It was founded in June 1984 by President Hissène Habré as a successor of his Armed Forces of the North, the insurgent group through which Habré had conquered power in 1982. The party was banned six years later by Idriss Déby when he assumed power by overthrowing Habré.
In 1965 Chad had was plunged in civil war, in a rebellion representing a rekindling of traditional animosities between the Muslim northern and central regions and the predominantly non-Muslim people of the south who had dominated the government and civil service since independence. A turning point in the conflict was represented by the conquest in 1979 of the capital, N'Djamena, by northern insurgents; although the struggle continued with increasing severity, its shape now changed, developing in a conflict between the two main northern leaders, Hissène Habré, leader of the Armed Forces of the North (FAN), and Goukouni Oueddei, leader of the People's Armed Forces (FAP).After the fall of N'Djamena, the rival factions signed in Lagos an accord which created the Transitional Government of National Union (GUNT), with Goukouni as President and Habré as Defence Minister. The accord broke down in 1980 with the second battle of N'Djamena, when Habré rebelled and was expelled from the GUNT. While defeated in 1980 due to Libyan intervention, he was able two years later, on June 7 1982, to secure control of the capital and expel the GUNT.On assuming power, Habré issued on September 29 a constitution which put at the centre the FAN's executive body, the Command Council, which became the country's ultimate fount of power and was entitled to appoint and also call to account the President.
Habré's political support came primarily from northerners, the army that brought him to power, and civilians who supported his opposition to Libyan interference in Chadian affairs. To broaden his support, in 1984 he undertook a program to extend the reach of government into rural areas, first by seeking the advice of the nation's prefects. Southern prefects advised that in addition to lingering animosity based on the early association of FAN with FROLINAT, which had worked to oust the southern-based government of François Tombalbaye, a major concern in that region was the conduct of the army. The army had become, in effect, an obstacle to security.Following this Habré, during the celebrations for the second anniversary of his rise to power, held a speech on June 7 in which he announced that the FAN, after the dissolution of the old FAN militia in the new Chadian National Armed Forces, was to also be considered dissolved, and should thus evolve itself into something new. He also added that an extraordinary congress of the FAN was to be called in short time. The first congress of the FROLINAT-FAN was opened on June 20, opened by a speech of the President in which he attacked Libyan presence in northern Chad as an attempt to "wipe out our traditional and ancestral values". Two days later, on June 22, the congress announced the formal dissolution of the FAN, that was replaced on June 24 by the National Union for Independence and Revolution, a movement whose aims were declared to be the establishment of democratic political life, freedom of expression and opposition to "religious fanaticism".The congress was closed on June 27 by Habré, who in his closing speech announced the merge in the new movement of three political parties already allied with the government, representing the Minister of Health Abba Siddick's Frolinat Originel, Delwa Kassiré Koumakoye's National Rally for Development and Progress and Minister of State Djidingar Dono Ngardoum's Assembly for Unity and Chadian Democracy. The latter two represented southern élite parties, and their assimilation was pivotal to guarantee the formation of a state party through which the whole political élite of the country would be represented in the government and the National Consultative Council.The creation of the UNIR did not take place without opposition: the GUNT counter-government argued that he lacked the authority to dissolve the FROLINAT, as the FAN was merely a dissident group which had been excluded from the main group. The GUNT's chairman, Goukouni, added that with the creation of the UNIR Habré "has cleared yet another obstacle in his betrayal of the Chadian revolution". Strong opposition also manifested itself among many of the delegates with hot debates, concerning in particular the abandonment of the old FAN name, as many militants had been long accustomed to it. According to Robert Buijtenhuijs, the delay of the congress had been due mostly to Habré's fear to be put in minority by the FAN's old guard, and he had to impose himself forcefully to coaxe in obedience his former comrades.
On June 26, the day before the end of the congress, the delegates elected by acclamation President Hissène Habré chairman of the movement and proceeded to form, on Habré's proposals, a Central Committee composed of 80 members. Of the 43 members that had composed the Command Council of the FAN, only 18 were inserted in the new central committee. As part of an attempt to leave the political pro-northern "ghetto" in which Habré was confined and establish a fairer the equilibrium between north and sorth, 25 of the 80 selected members were southerners.The day after the closing of the congress, on June 28, the Central Committee convened for the first time and proceeded to nominate the members of the Executive Bureau, a 15-strong body chaired by the President and meant to serve as the primary liaison between the party and the government. Those selected were chosen, as for the Central Committee, on proposal of the President. Among them, 9 were military officers; as for their regional extraction, 6 were southerners (including the executive secretary Gouara Lassou), with the remaining northerners. Among the prefectures of Chad, the most represented were the BET, Habré's native region, with 4 members and 3 from the Moyen-Chari.
The IHI XF9 is a low-bypass afterburning turbofan engine under development by Acquisition, Technology & Logistics Agency (ATLA) of Ministry of Defense of Japan (MoD) and IHI.
The XF9 is developed as a part of the Research and Development of the Future Fighter Aircraft of Japan. The project started after the development of the XF5 turbofan engine (1995–2008).
The basic concept for the XF9 is "slim and powerful," which is aimed at allowing more capacity for fuel and weapons inside the fuselage of a fighter aircraft by reducing size of the engine. This characteristic is considered in the JASDF to be important to the engine that powers a stealth combat aircraft which needs to accommodate as much weaponry inside as possible to reduce RCS. The concept, dubbed "High-power Slim Engine," also appeared in an MoD publication titled A vision for research and development of future fighter aircraft (2010) as the engine for Japan's future counter-stealth "i3 fighter".
This engine is being developed on the technical basis obtained through a series of ATLA research projects represented by Research on main components of next generation engines (2010–2015) and Research on fighter engine elements (2013–2017). While its predecessor, the XF5, was a small engine, the XF9-1, the prototype delivered in 2018, is close to the General Electric F110 in terms of size, and to the Pratt & Whitney F119 in terms of thrust and internal configuration, both which are usually classified as large afterburning turbofan engines. With the core that withstands 2,073 K (1,800℃) class Turbine Inlet Temperature and a new type of combustor "wide-angle swirler," the engine produces a very high thrust for the size, thereby realizing the concept, improving fuel economy as well. As of 2018, the official thrust of the prototype, XF9-1, is "11 tons (107 kN) or more" in dry and "15 tons (147 kN) or more" with afterburner.
As another characteristic, the XF9-1 incorporates a starter generator that outputs 180 kW, meaning that a twin-engined fighter equipped with this engine can be supplied with as much as 360 kW of electric power by engines alone. The capacity is quite large compared to that of conventional fourth or fifth generation fighters such as the Boeing F-15E (76 kW), the Lockheed Martin F-22 (130 kW), and the Lockheed Martin F-35 (160 kW). This is beneficial to an advanced fifth generation or a sixth generation combat aircraft that is anticipated to be equipped with a more powerful radar and other high power consuming devices.
In this research, they demonstrate the 20 degrees thrust vectoring around the whole circumference and the malfunctions handling technology. The purpose of this research is ensuring high agility and stealth.
Parliament – 17th of King Henry VI (until c. 8 June 1450), 18th of King Henry VI (starting 6 November 1450, until c. 31 May 1451), 19th of King Henry VI (starting 6 March 1453, until c. 21 April 1454), 20th of King Henry VI (starting 9 July 1455, until 12 March 1456), Devils (starting 20 November, until 20 December 1459)
2 May – execution of William de la Pole, 1st Duke of Suffolk, while he is being sent into exile, being blamed for English losses in the Hundred Years' War.
6 June–12 July – Jack Cade's Rebellion: Jack Cade leads a rebellion in Kent and Sussex against war taxes. On 29 June, William Ayscough, Bishop of Salisbury and confessor to the King, is dragged from mass at Edington Priory in Wiltshire and murdered by rebels.
12 August – Hundred Years' War: Cherbourg surrenders to the French, allowing France to take control of all of Normandy.
September – Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York marches an army to London and attacks alleged traitors in the royal government.
1–3 March – supporters of the Duke of York confront the royal army at Dartford. The Duke yields and is pardoned.
22 October – Hundred Years' War: John Talbot, 2nd Earl of Shrewsbury re-captures Bordeaux; England regains control of much of Gascony.
17 July – Hundred Years' War: at the Battle of Castillon, the French under Jean Bureau defeat the English under the Earl of Shrewsbury, who is killed.
10 August – The King becomes mentally unstable; his cousin Richard, Duke of York acts as regent. The king will be unaware of the birth of his only son, Edward, on 13 October.
24 August – fighting in the north between the families of Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury and Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland.
19 October – The Hundred Years' War comes to a close, with the French recapture of Bordeaux leaving the English retaining only Calais on French soil.
23 April – Thomas Bourchier enthroned as Archbishop of Canterbury, an office he will hold for almost 32 years.
June – the Duke of York suppresses a rebellion led by Henry Holland, 3rd Duke of Exeter in the north of England.
22 May – Wars of the Roses: Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York defeats the army of Henry VI at the First Battle of St Albans; Henry is captured.
23 October – Bonville–Courtenay feud in Devon: Thomas Courtenay, heir to the Earl of Devon, arranges the murder of lawyer Nicholas Radford.
November–December – Bonville–Courtenay feud leads to continued rioting and rebellion in Devon including sacking of Exeter and the first battle of Clyst Heath (15 December).
17 August – Court moves to Coventry; Kenilworth Castle strengthened as the King's principal residence.
1 January – Osmund of Salisbury (died 1099) is canonised, the last English saint created until the 20th century. His remains are translated from Old Sarum to Salisbury Cathedral on 23 July.
25 March – The Love Day is staged. Formal reconciliation between Yorkists and Lancastrians takes place at St Paul's Cathedral, London.
23 September – Wars of the Roses: at the Battle of Blore Heath in Staffordshire, Yorkists under Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury defeat a Lancastrian force.
12 October – Wars of the Roses: Lancastrian victory at the Battle of Ludford Bridge. Following the battle, the Duke of York flees to Ireland.
13 October – Edward of Westminster, Prince of Wales, heir apparent to the English throne (killed 1471)
Saint John the Baptist Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Հովհաննես Մկրտիչ Եկեղեցի, Surp Hovhannes Mkrtich) is an active church in the old area of Kond, Yerevan, Armenia. First, it was built on the height of Kond district, in 1710, in the place of a medieval church ruined as the result of a destructive earthquake. It was built by a rich man, Melik Aghamal, living in Yerevan. Like the other medieval churches, this is a three-nave basilic church. The rectangular plan of the church includes the prayer-hall and the main altar on the eastern side, attached to which are the sacristies.
Being concerned by the unattractive state of the church, in 1979, architect Rafael Israelyan presented to Catholicos of All Armenians Vazgen I a project of basic reconstruction of the church. The plan was improved, but unfortunately, the architect died the same year. After 10 years author’s son, architect Areg Israyelian turned his father’s initiative into a technical project, which was allowed to realize. The work project was prepared by the honored architect Baghdasar Arzoumanian and designing engineer Avetik Tekevejian. In 1980s the Church was entirely reconstructed and restored under the direct leadership of the civil engineer Mikayel Hovhannissian. The dome and the walls of the church were faced with tuf stone. Large-scale works were realized inside the church. In the western side an additional storey was built for the choir, the floor was paved with marble, the wall of the main altar was ornamented, the interior was renovated. Also the bell-tower of the church was built. In 2000 the educational-cultural center “Hovhannes Kozern” was built nearby the church where foreign language and computer courses are organized, the school of Icon art functions.
Marion Agness James (October 8, 1934 – December 31, 2015) was an American blues singer and songwriter. She was considered Nashville's "Queen of the Blues." Her career spanned sixty years, where she wrote a hit song, "That's My Man".A flamboyant character, James was known to sign her name adding "The Blues Queen" and often wore a tiara at her live performances.
James was born into a musical family in Nashville, Tennessee. Her mother was the pianist at her local church, her sister sang with the Clara Ward Singers, and some of her cousins were professional musicians. James herself sought inspiration in listening to blues singers at vaudeville shows and from her mother's record collection. James came to fame in the blues clubs of Jefferson Street in the early 1960s. Before she earned the title of Nashville's Queen of the Blues, she was called "House Rockin James."Jimi Hendrix was a member of her band when he first started playing the guitar professionally, and she also had Billy Cox in her backing lineup. In 1966, James had a top ten hit single with "That's My Man," a song she composed, released by Excello Records. She continued to perform until the mid-1980s, when she took a break from traveling. By the early part of the 1990s, James had met Casey Lutton and joined his group, the Hypnotics. In 1996, Appaloosa Records released the album Marion James & the Hypnotics. After that, she shared the stage with many notable performers, including Chick Willis, Rufus Thomas, and Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown.In 2003, her album Essence was released by Soulfood Records. Among those playing on the record were Beegie Adair, Reese Wynans, Jack Pearson (The Allman Brothers), the bassist Bob Babbitt, and the drummer Chucki Burke. Her album Northside Soul, issued by EllerSoul Records in 2012, reached number 10 on the Living Blues chart. In 2013, she recorded "Back in the Day" at Washington's Jefferson Street Sound recording studios. It recalled the time when Jefferson Street was lined with smoke-filled nightclubs, which played host to Little Richard, B.B. King, Jimi Hendrix and James.James helped retired musicians in need, by founding the Marion James Aid Society. In addition, for more than 30 years, she organized a Musicians Reunion Benefit. She led a campaign to erect two statues, of Jimi Hendrix and Little Richard, on Jefferson Street. Her career was highlighted in an exhibit at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum entitled "Night Train to Nashville: Music City Rhythm & Blues 1945–1970".James died on December 31, 2015, at the age of 81, in her hometown, from the effects of a stroke.
Access Computer College (Access Computer and Technical College) is a degree-awarding tertiary educational institution that specializes in computer and technical-vocational courses. Based in the Philippines, Access Computer College currently have 10 campuses: ACCESS-Manila, ACCESS-Monumento, ACCESS-Cubao, ACCESS-Lagro, ACCESS-Camarin, ACCESS-Novaliches-Zabarte, ACCESS-Pasig, ACCESS-Marilao, ACCESS-Meycauayan, and ACCESS-Balagtas.  It was founded in 1981.
ACCESS follow the 1.000 - 4.000 grading system patterned after American universities. This system uses the 4.0 grade point equivalence as the highest grade, while F or 0.0 grade point equivalence is considered the lowest possible grade. F grade point equivalence is considered a failing mark.
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment, also known as the 2nd Dragoons, is an active Stryker infantry and cavalry regiment of the United States Army. The Second Cavalry Regiment is a unit of the United States Army Europe, with its garrison at the Rose Barracks in Vilseck, Germany. It can trace its lineage back to the early part of the 19th century.
In addition to its two current names, former names are 2nd Riflemen, 2nd Dragoons, 2nd Constabulary Regiment, 2nd Armored Cavalry, and 2nd Stryker Cavalry.
Tenné, a dragoon in the uniform of the Mexican War mounted on a white horse brandishing a saber and charging a Mexican field gun defended by a gunner armed with a rammer all proper, in chief two eight-pointed mullets Or.Crest;
The color of the facings of the old dragoon regiment was orange, which is used for the field of the shield; the insignia was an eight-pointed star of gold, two of them (conforming with the numerical designation) are placed on the shield. The traditional episode in the regiment is the charge of Captain May's squadron on the Mexican artillery at Resaca de la Palma which is commemorated by the principal charge on the shield.Background
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 2d Cavalry Regiment on 6 August 1920. It was amended to change the 6 pointed stars to 8 pointed stars to conform to the old dragoon star on 28 April 1924. The coat of arms was redesignated for the 2d Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron on 31 July 1944. On 26 November 1946, it was redesignated for the 2d Constabulary Squadron. It was redesignated for the 2d Armored Cavalry Regiment (US Constabulary) on 17 March 1949. The coat of arms was redesignated for the 2d Armored Cavalry on 1 September 1955. The insignia was redesignated effective 16 April 2005, for the 2d Cavalry Regiment.
A metal and enamel device one inch (2.54 cm) in height consisting of a gold eight pointed star of rays surmounted by a green palmetto leaf charged with a silver color fleur-de-lis, on a green ribbon scroll forming the base of the device, the regimental motto "Toujours Prêt" in gold metal letters.Symbolism
The eight-pointed star insignia worn by dragoons, the 2d Cavalry having been originally formed as the Second Regiment of Dragoons in 1836. The palmetto leaf represents the Regiment's first action against the Seminole Indians in Florida, where the palmetto leaf grows in abundance. The fleur-de-lis is for combat service in France in both World War I and World War II. The motto "Toujours Prêt" (Always Ready) expresses the spirit and élan of the Regiment.Background
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 2d Cavalry Regiment on 16 January 1923. The insignia was amended to change the 6 pointed star to an 8 pointed star to conform to the old dragoon star on 28 April 1924. On the 23 March 1931, it was amended to prescribe the method of wear. It was redesignated for the 2d Constabulary Squadron on 21 January 1948. The insignia was redesignated for the 2d Armored Cavalry Regiment (US Constabulary) on 17 March 1949. It was redesignated for the 2d Armored Cavalry Regiment on 1 September 1955. The distinctive unit insignia was amended to change the description on 20 August 1965. It was redesignated effective 16 April 2005, for the 2d Cavalry Regiment.
In 1808, there was one regiment of light dragoons and during the War of 1812 another regiment was raised. Units of both regiments of dragoons served in engagements at the Mississineway River; the Battle of Lundy's Lane; Fort Erie and the Siege of Fort Meigs. These two regiments were consolidated on 30 March 1814 into the Regiment of Light Dragoons but this new unit was dissolved on 15 June 1815.
The precursor organization was originally established by President Andrew Jackson on 23 May 1836, as the Second Regiment of Dragoons of the US Army. A and I Companies were recruited in the Fort Myer, Virginia area, B Company recruited from Virginia and Louisiana, C Company drew recruits from Tennessee, E, F, G, and H recruited from New York, and K Company was drawn from New Orleans. D Company was organized from a detachment of the 1st Dragoons and served in Florida immediately. In April 1837, the regimental headquarters was moved to Jefferson Barracks, Missouri, where the 400 new recruits and their instructors participated in the School of the Trooper, and learned the tactics and ways of being a dragoon, while some of their compatriots were battling the Indians in Florida.
The 2nd Dragoons saw their first combat during the Second Seminole War. Company D drew first blood on 10 June 1836 in an engagement at Welika Pond, close to Fort Defiance, Florida. In December 1836, A, B, C, E, and I Companies arrived in South Carolina, and immediately moved south. In January 1837, the troopers were engaged by the Seminoles at Fort Mellon only two days after their arrival. On 9 September 1837, three Dragoon companies and two companies of Florida militia surrounded and attacked a hostile village, capturing King Philip, an important chief. The 2nd Dragoons brought the fight to the hostile Seminoles, rather than wait to be ambushed inside a fort like other units did.
Under an act of Congress dated 23 August 1842 the regiment was re-designated as the Regiment of Riflemen effective 4 March 1843. This act was repealed on 4 April 1844 and the regiment reverted to its previous designation.In October 1842, A, D, E, F, and G Companies moved to Fort Jessup, Louisiana and Fort Towson. The remainder of the regiment stayed in Florida to patrol for hostile bands of Seminoles. Fort Jessup became the regimental headquarters, and was the 2nd Dragoons' home for four years. When hostilities with the Centralist Republic of Mexico began to boil over in 1845, General Zachary Taylor assembled his "Army of Observation" at Fort Jessup, and the 2nd Dragoons marched overland to occupy Corpus Christi, Texas. They soon established Fort Texas, near modern-day Brownsville, Texas. The regiment conducted aggressive patrolling along the Rio Grande, and on 25 April 1846, they received word that Mexican troops were crossing the river. Two companies of the 2nd Dragoons were ambushed by 500-1,600 Mexican troops (accounts vary), and all were either killed or captured. This battle, known as the Thornton Affair, gave US President Polk the casus belli he needed to invade Mexico.When General Taylor counterattacked, the 2nd Dragoons forced the enemy to turn their flank during the Battle of Palo Alto. The next day, during the Battle of Resaca de la Palma on 9 May 1846, Companies D and E under CPT Charles A. May were ordered to eliminate a battery of Mexican guns. Prior to the charge, May issued a simple order; "Remember your Regiment and follow your officers." This became the 2nd Dragoon Regiment's motto. The attack destroyed the enemy battery and captured a Mexican general. On 29 June 1846, COL David Twiggs was given command of the regiment from COL William S. Harney, and he was lauded for his bravery at the Battle of Monterrey. COL Twiggs commanded the 2nd Dragoons for the rest of the war, and by the end, the regiment was one of two regiments in the Army that had elements participate in every major battle.Heroism was not limited to the officers of the 2nd Dragoons; in November 1847, SGT Jack Miller's small patrol of 20 Dragoons was ambushed by near Monclova by 100 Mexicans. Reaching for their carbines, SGT Miller urged them to charge with only their sabers. In the ensuing battle, 6 Mexicans were killed, 13 were wounded, and 70 were captured at the cost of 1 wounded Dragoon and 3 wounded horses.
After the Mexican–American War, the 2nd Dragoons headed west to protect the settlers on the new frontier that had just been gained by the United States in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. In June 1849, F Company, under MAJ Ripley Arnold, established Fort Worth along the Trinity River. These years were spent patrolling the frontier in order to protect American settlers heading west from hostile Indians. In 1854, the Companies E and K of the regiment defeated a sizable Sioux force in the Battle of Ash Hollow in Nebraska, forcing the Sioux to sign a peace treaty.In late 1857, in response to growing hostilities between federal authorities and Mormon settlers in Utah, a battalion of the 2nd Dragoons was sent to quell any Mormon resistance to federal power. These Dragoons, under LTC Philip St. George Cooke, joined a 2,500 man expedition and began the march to Utah, and in response, Brigham Young, the Mormon leader, mobilized the Nauvoo Legion to combat this force. Peace talks succeeded before much blood was shed, but the 2nd Dragoons still had to complete a long and arduous winter march across the frontier. The Utah War ended in July 1858. On 14 June 1858, William S. Harney was promoted to Brigadier General, and LTC St. George Cooke was made the 3rd Colonel of the 2nd Dragoons.On 1 October 1858, other elements of the 2nd Dragoons that hadn't gone to Utah were engaging in operations against the Comanche in Texas. In the summer of 1858, a group of Dragoons pursued a number of Comanche who had captured a white child, but soon were ambushed by 25 braves. The firefight escalated and the Dragoons and Texas Rangers fought off a band of roughly 500 Comanches, and killed 70 after five hours of fighting. The captured child was rescued in the end, and the engagement became known as the Battle of the Wichita Village.
At the onset of the Civil War in 1861, the regiment was recalled to the Eastern theater and redesignated on 3 August 1861 as the Second Cavalry Regiment.  Thomas J. Wood was named the fourth Colonel of the regiment, but was promoted out of the job shortly after.  Throughout the war, the 2nd Cavalry would be commanded by many company-grade officers such as Captains Wesley Merritt and Theophilus Francis Rodenbough. C Company was the last unit of the regiment to fight as dragoons; during the Battle of Wilson's Creek. For much of the war, it was a key part of either the "Reserve Brigade" or the "Regular Brigade" of the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac and served in numerous campaigns and battles. They fought in numerous battles, including the Siege of Yorktown, the Second Battle of Bull Run, the Battle of Antietam, the Battle of Fredericksburg, the Battle of Chancellorsville, the Battle of Gettysburg, the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, and the Battle of Cold Harbor.During the Battle of Fredericksburg in December 1862, SGT Martin Hagan of the 2nd Cavalry and a small group of troopers held a Confederate cavalry brigade at bay, covering the Union retreat across the river. This action was completed without the loss of a man or a horse, and SGT Hagan was awarded the regiment's first Medal of Honor. The 2nd Cavalry was also present during the Stoneman Raid just prior to the Battle of Chancellorsville. This raid is regarded as the "resurgence of the Union Cavalry."  During the Battle of Kelly's Ford, the 2nd Cavalry became the first Union cavalry regiment to engage Confederate General J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry in a head-to-head charge. This action hurt Stuart's reputation in the eyes of Southern leadership, just three weeks before the Battle of Gettysburg. Leading up to the Battle of Gettysburg, the 2nd Cavalry fought a continuous recon and counter-recon with Stuart's cavalry until the two armies met at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Here, the regiment dismounted and skirmished the Confederates in a delaying action until the main Union force could reach the battlefield.
During the Battle of Trevilian Station in June 1864, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment charged the Confederate Cavalry and smashed their lines. CPT T.F. Rodenbough led the charge and was wounded, but earned the Medal of Honor for his heroism in this brief but savage charge. Returning to duty in September 1864, he led the regiment in another charge during the Third Battle of Winchester. He was wounded again and lost his mount and right arm. First Sergeant Conrad Schmidt of K Company bravely rode back under fire to rescue his regimental commander. Schmidt was given the Medal of Honor for his swift and courageous action. On 9 October 1864, the 2nd Cavalry, as part of the reserve brigade of the 1st Cavalry Division, the regiment attacked the flanks of the Confederate line, forcing them to retreat. During this action, PVT Edward Hanson of H Company earned the Medal of Honor for braving enemy fire to capture the flag of the 32nd Virginia Cavalry. The 2nd Cavalry Regiment earned 14 battle streamers and 5 Medals of Honor during their Civil War service.
Like the other early mounted units, many members of the Second Cavalry went on to higher ranks and command positions on both sides during the war. A former lieutenant of the regiment, Colonel Orton Williams, C.S.A who had been commissioned into the regiment on the recommendation of Robert E. Lee, was hanged as a spy by the federal authorities in 1863.
When the Civil War ended, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment was sent west to fight against hostile Indian tribes and protect American settlers. With US troops focused on fighting Confederate forces in the east, the Indians of the frontier grew bolder. The vastness of the American frontier meant that the regiment was seldom together, and was spread out, often with only one troop occupying a post.
In December 1866, 25 troopers of the 2nd Cavalry under LT George W. Grummond accompanied CPT William J. Fetterman in his expedition against Chief Red Cloud. In northern Wyoming, these 81 men were engaged by a force of roughly 1,000 Indians, where they were all massacred in a desperate battle. On 29 June 1867, a small party of 10 troopers and 1 Indian scout under LT Lyman Kidder were ordered to take dispatches from General William Sherman to LTC George A. Custer. Custer grew impatient and moved out ahead of schedule, and when LT Kidder's party arrived, they found the camp to be deserted. Making their way to Fort Wallace, the troopers were set upon by a band of Lakota and Cheyenne warriors near present-day Goodland, Kansas. The 12 cavalrymen and scout were surrounded and killed to a man, and their bodies were scalped and mutilated. However, they managed to kill an enemy chief, Yellow Horse, in the fight (known as the Kidder massacre).
On 23 January 1870, elements of Companies F, G, H, and L participated in the Marias Massacre in the Montana Territory, where 200 Piegan Blackfeet Indians were killed. After this massacre, Federal Indian policy changed under President Grant, and more peaceful solutions were sought. On 15 May 1870, SGT Patrick James Leonard was leading a party of 4 other troopers from C Company along the Little Blue River in Nebraska attempting to locate stray horses. A band of 50 Indians surrounded this detachment and the men raced for cover and made a fortified position with their two dead horses. One trooper, PVT Thomas Hubbard, was wounded, but they managed to hold the Indians at bay and inflicted several casualties. When the hostile band retreated after an hour of fighting, the troopers left, took a settler family under their charge and returned safely. All 5 men were awarded the Medal of Honor (SGT Patrick J. Leonard, and PVTs Heth Canfield, Michael Himmelsback, Thomas Hubbard, and George W. Thompson). Today, junior NCOs in the 2nd Cavalry Regiment compete for the Sergeant Patrick James Leonard award.On 17 March 1876, troopers from Companies E, I, and K (156 men) joined the 3rd Cavalry Regiment under COL Joseph J. Reynolds to combat the Cheyenne and Lakota in the ill-fated Big Horn Expedition. During the Battle of Powder River, the cavalrymen attacked, but were repulsed, and the 2nd Cavalry lost 1 man killed and 5 wounded. 66 men also suffered from frostbite. The 2nd Cavalry was once again repulsed by the Cheyenne and Lakota at the Battle of the Rosebud on 17 June 1876, and only a few days later, Custer's 7th Cavalry were defeated at the Battle of Little Bighorn.
By April 1877, most of the US cavalry was in the west, fighting against bands of hostile Indians. The Cheyenne surrendered in December, Sitting Bull escaped to Canada, and Crazy Horse, the victorious chief in the Battles of the Rosebud and Little Bighorn, surrendered in April 1878. Chief Lame Deer was one of the last Lakota war-chiefs left resisting the US Government. The "Montana Battalion" of the 2nd Cavalry Regiment eventually caught up with his band near the Little Muddy Creek, Montana on 6 May 1878. After a midnight march, the troopers surprised Lame Deer's warriors at dawn on 7 May. H Company charged the village and scattered the enemy horses, while the remaining troopers charged and routed the band of Lakota. During the intense battle, PVT William Leonard of L Company became isolated, and defended his position behind a large rock for two hours before he was rescued by his comrades. He, and PVT Samuel D. Phillips of H Company both earned the Medal of Honor for their gallantry in this battle. While searching the ruined village, the troopers found many uniforms, guidons, and weapons from the 7th Cavalry Regiment, and they left knowing that they had avenged those fallen at Little Bighorn.
On 20 August 1877, elements of the 2nd Cavalry who had been pursuing Chief Joseph's band of Nez Perce Indians through Idaho reported that their quarry had turned on them, stole their pack train, and began attempting to escape to Canada. Despite being low on supplies, L Troop and two additional Troops of the 1st Cavalry were dispatched to retrieve the pack train. After a hard ride, the Indians were overtaken and a fierce battle ensued. CPL Harry Garland, wounded and unable to stand, continued to direct his men in the battle until the Indians withdrew. For his actions, he would receive the Medal of Honor along with three other men from L Troop; 1SG Henry Wilkens, PVT Clark, and Farrier William H. Jones. Today, the annual award for the most outstanding trooper in the 2nd Cavalry is called the Farrier Jones Award. On 18 September, a force of 600 men under General Oliver Otis Howard and Colonel Nelson A. Miles, including Troops F, G, and H of the 2nd Cavalry, marched to stop Chief Joseph's band from reaching Canada. L Troop was sent back to Fort Ellis to gather supplies but would join the expedition later. On 30 September 1877, the Battle of Bear Paw Mountain began. The three Troops of 2nd Cavalry were dispatched to drive away the Indians' ponies by attacking their rear. G Troop, under LT Edward John McClernand, caught up with Chief White Bird as he and his band tried to escape to Canada. The ensuing engagement was brief, but violent, and resulted in the capture of the Indians and their mounts. Lt McClernand was awarded the Medal of Honor for his gallantry. After a four-day siege, Chief Joseph surrendered his band to General Howard on 4 October 1877.In the fall of 1878, the 2nd Cavalry was posted in two forts in Montana; Fort Custer and Fort Keogh with the mission of preventing Chief Sitting Bull from returning to US territory after escaping to Canada. In early winter, Chiefs Dull Knife and Little Wolf left their reservations in Oklahoma and began moving northwards. Dull Knife was intercepted and surrendered at Fort Robinson, Nebraska, but Little Wolf sought shelter in the Sand Hills of Wyoming. Elements of E and I Troops under LT William P. Clark (who had earned a special rapport with the Indians) were sent to negotiate with these stalwarts. The band was located near Box Elder Creek, Montana on 25 March 1879, and was persuaded to accompany the troopers back to Fort Keogh. During the march back, on 5 April, several Indians escaped and attacked the soldiers. SGT T.B. Glover took 10 men of B Troop and charged the numerically superior enemy, forcing them to surrender, and SGT Glover received the Medal of Honor for this action. Chief Little Wolf eventually surrendered his band when the party returned to Fort Keogh.
In the winter of 1886, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment was charged with preventing Indians from crossing the border from Canada and protecting settlers in Montana and Wyoming. In early March 1887, a large band of Sioux entered Montana from Canada without warning, and C Troop from Camp Stambaugh, Wyoming and E Troop from Fort Sanders, Wyoming were sent to pursue them. After a 150-mile chase, the combatants met at O'Fallon's Creek, Montana. In the fierce battle that followed, the cavalrymen killed many braves and captured 46 of their horses. CPT Eli L. Huggins and 2LT Lloyd M. Brett both earned the Medal of Honor during this battle for their intrepid leadership and courage. This action forced the Sioux to flee back to Canada. CPT Huggins became the 12th Colonel of the 2nd Cavalry, and today, the annual Regimental award for the most outstanding junior officer is named in honor of CPT Eli L. Huggins.During the long and violent Indian Wars, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment earned 13 battle streamers to add to their flag, and 15 troopers received the Medal of Honor for their gallantry.
When the Spanish–American War began, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment was stationed in Kansas, Colorado, and New Mexico and assembled together in Georgia, the first time the entire regiment had been together since the Civil War. The troopers and horses of Troops A, C, D, and F boarded transports in Mobile, Alabama and set sail for Cuba, while the rest of the regiment traveled overland to Tampa, Florida. Due to a lack of transports, they served as logistical troops, and helped load units like Teddy Roosevelt's Rough Riders onto their ships. These four troops quickly found that they were the only horse-mounted cavalry units in Cuba, and soon began working for General William Rufus Shafter. Joining Teddy Roosevelt and the Rough Riders, the 2nd Cavalry fought at the Battle of El Caney, the Battle of San Juan Hill, the Battle of the Aguadores, and the Siege of Santiago. During the armistice period, the women and children of Santiago were sent out of the city and into American lines to a camp in El Caney. D Troop was in charge of feeding and policing these 22,000 refugees. B Troop was committed to the Puerto Rican Campaign in July and August 1898, but illness forced them to return to the US. In January 1899, the entire regiment began pacification duty in Cuba where they remained for three years, facilitating public education and improving the island's sanitation.
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment was sent to the Philippines during the Philippine Insurrection soon after their tenure in Cuba. From 23 January-18 July 1905, they participated in the Cavite Campaign, working to root out insurgents and secure the surrounding countryside. On 14 February 1910, the troopers of the 2nd Cavalry fought in the Battle of Tiradores Hill on Mindanao island. Their next clashes were during the Moro Rebellion on Jolo island. They fought in the Battle of Mount Bagoak on 3 December 1911, and the Battle of Mount Vrut from 10–12 January 1912. The regiment continued patrolling and security operations until they arrived home in June 1912.
When they returned to the US in 1912, the 2nd Cavalry was sent to the border of Mexico to enforce border laws and prevent raids by banditos. The regiment's sector extended from El Paso, Texas all the way to Presidio, Texas, a stretch of 262 miles. The troopers were busily engaged in the duties of border surveillance and border security. In December 1913, the 2nd Cavalry was moved out of their post at Fort Bliss and sent to Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont to conduct maneuvers with several Army National Guard units. In 1914, troopers of the 2nd Cavalry were selected to represent the US Army in the annual horse show in Madison Square Garden in New York City.
The USA entered World War I on the side of the Allies on 6 April 1917. The 2nd Cavalry Regiment, while at Fort Ethan Allen, was split into thirds; one third remained as the 2nd Cavalry, and the other two became the 18th Cavalry Regiment and the 19th Cavalry Regiment. These "skeletons" of cadre were then recruited to full strength. Later in the year, the 18th Cavalry was redesignated as the 76th Field Artillery Regiment, and the 19th Cavalry was redesignated as the 77th Field Artillery Regiment. The 76th Field Artillery served with the 3rd Infantry Division during the war and their unit heraldry still bears the insignia of the 2nd Dragoons. The 77th Field Artillery served with distinction with the 4th Infantry Division.General Pershing, the commander of the American Expeditionary Force, arrived in France on 26 June 1917, and 31 troopers from the 2nd Cavalry Headquarters Troop served as his escort. These were the first American troops to land on European soil in the First World War. April 1918 saw the rest of the 2nd Cavalry arrive in France. The regiment was sent to the Toul sector and was initially used to manage horse remount depots and as a military police unit. Troops B, D, F, and H were formed into a provisional squadron and were the last element of the regiment to engage the enemy as horse-mounted cavalry. The 2nd Cavalry fought in the Aisne-Marne Offensive from 18 July-6 August 1918, and assisted the 1st Infantry Division and the 2nd Infantry Division penetrate the German flanks at Soissons. Detachments of the 2nd Cavalry also fought in the Oise-Aisne Offensive from 8 August-11 September 1918. The troopers of the 2nd Cavalry also served with distinction in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel; Troops A, B, C, D, F, G, and H fought valiantly under the command of LTC D.P.M. Hazzard from 12–16 September.At this point in the war, 6 American divisions massed on an 18-mile front separate from any European command. The 1st Infantry Division began their attack on Mount Sec and reached the Germans reserve lines. From here, the 2nd Cavalry passed through the forest and scouted the open country around Heudicourt, Creue, and Vigneulles. Elements of the regiment advanced to Saint Maurice, Woël, and Jonville to pursue the retreating enemy.The 2nd Cavalry's next engagement, the Meuse-Argonne Offensive, would be the largest battle the AEF would fight in World War I. From 26 September-11 November 1918, the regiment was attached to the 35th Infantry Division and served as the left flank of the advance. Later they served as the main effort of the advance between the Meuse River and the Argonne Forest. From 26 September-2 October, spearheading the assault on the left flank, the 2nd Cavalry fought in a six-day running battle starting in Vauquois and winding through the woods nearby. The men from the Regiment were commended for "...accomplishing their tasks with fearlessness, courage, and disregard for danger and hardship." By the end of the war, 2nd Cavalry troopers had earned three more campaign streamers for the regimental standard for their gallant service.
In the years prior to American entry into the Second World War, the 2nd Cavalry was garrisoned at Fort Riley, Kansas from 1919-1939. They performed their peacetime duties as a school training regiment for the Cavalry School. Here at Fort Riley, the regiment was equipped with its first armored cars in 1936, the year they celebrated their centennial, marking 100 years of proud national service. In 1938, the 1st Armored Regiment and the 13th Armored Regiment joined the 2nd Cavalry for maneuvers at Fort Riley, to practice and develop combined arms tactics. These maneuvers combined infantry, cavalry, armored, artillery, and aviation units.Nazi Germany's Invasion of Poland in 1939 forced American strategists to focus on building up the Army's armored capabilities, and the Attack on Pearl Harbor thrust the US into the war. On 15 May 1942, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment said farewell to their horses, and the all the troops and equipment were transferred to the newly formed 2nd Armored Regiment attached to the 9th Armored Division. Other elements eventually stemmed from this regiment and went on to fight in the European and Pacific theaters of war, but shared the same heritage and history of the 2nd Cavalry. These units are; the 2nd Tank Battalion, 19th Tank Battalion, 776th Amphibian Tank Battalion, and D Company 89th Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron.On 23 December 1943, the regiment was redesignated the 2nd Mechanized Cavalry Group, or the 2nd MCG (Between 1943-46 cavalry were organized into Groups, but this term is interchangeable with Regiment in this context).  Charles H. Reed became the 31st Colonel of the Regiment. It was reorganized as the Headquarters and Headquarters Troop (HHT), 2nd Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron, Mechanized (present day 1st Squadron), and 42nd Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadron, Mechanized (present day 2nd Squadron). In July 1944, the 2nd MCG landed in Normandy as part of General Patton's Third Army. Their early assignments during the Battle of Normandy included rear area security, attempting to disrupt the activities of German infiltrators. They were then attached to General Troy Middleton's VIII Corps during Operation Cobra, and served as a flank security and reconnaissance element for the 4th Armored Division. The cavalry scouts performed such daring reconnaissance missions that their German foes gave them the nickname, "Ghosts of Patton's Army." In August, the 2nd MCG conducted recon of the city of Nantes and aggressively used its light armor and firepower to probe the edges of the Wehrmacht's defense.
As the Third Army began to advance east, the 2nd MCG protected the vulnerable rear and supply lines over a large frontage of 45 miles between Nantes and Angers, as well as the area west of Nantes. In small patrols, the cavalrymen screened the main drive east and disrupted German movement in the Rennes-Nantes Corridor for ten days until 23 August 1944. Now assigned to XII Corps, the 2nd MCG began moving east toward Lorraine. On 26 August, the 42nd Squadron attacked a German regimental-sized unit near Carisey, protecting the southern flank of the 4th Armored Division as it drove on Troyes. On 30 August, the Dragoons led the XII Corps assault across the Marne River, with the 2nd Squadron in front of the 80th Infantry Division and the 42nd Squadron in front of the 4th Armored Division. By 2 September, the drive reached the Moselle River near Toul and the 2nd Squadron began scouting for possible crossing points. Despite a failed crossing attempt by 80th Division troops against stiff resistance, the 2nd MCG was active in scouting and screening during this period. On 4 September, B and F Troops of the 42nd Squadron defeated a column of 1,000 German soldiers attempting to attack the XII Corps flank by massing direct fire from their light tanks, and indirect fire from artillery units.On 7 September, the 602nd Tank Destroyer Battalion, equipped with M18 Hellcats, was attached to the 2nd MCG. This allowed the 42nd Squadron to assault and capture Fort de Pont-Saint-Vincent and defeat an enemy counterattack. The 2nd MCG then began to protect the southern flank of the 4th Armored Division as it fought to envelop Nancy on 11 September 1944. They were often engaged in heavy contact against German units while protecting the flanks of the 4th Armored Division's assault. On 16 September, the Dragoons launched a squadron-sized attack on Lunéville. The Germans put up a vigorous defense but could not hold against the 2nd MCG, and retreated. However, on 18 September, elements of the 111th Panzer Brigade counterattacked with "six Panther tanks and two companies of infantry." The Panzers' armor was too thick and the cavalrymen were forced to retreat. This was the beginning of the Battle of Arracourt. Conducting a delaying action, the two squadrons worked in tandem and managed to keep the enemy at bay until 1100, when reinforcements of the 4th Armored Division arrived and beat back the Germans. This battle provides a perfect example of how Mechanized Cavalry Groups were designed to function in World War II. Had it not been for the screening and delaying efforts of the 2nd MCG, the main effort of the Wehrmacht attack would have fallen on the flank of the 4th Armored Division.In late October, the 2nd MCG was assigned to protect the flanks of the 26th Infantry Division by seizing Moncourt Ridge. Despite fierce German resistance, the 42nd Squadron dismounted and attacked along a two-mile front and seized their objectives. The attack was conducted entirely dismounted with cavalrymen acting as infantry, much like dragoons, and showed that MCG's could be flexible. The cavalry group continued to screen and protect the flanks of the 26th Division until 22 November, when the 2nd MCG was split up. The 2nd Squadron remained in the south to cover the gap and maintain contact between XII Corps and XV Corps of the Seventh Army. The 42nd Squadron was sent north to assist the 80th Infantry Division and maintain contact with XX Corps.On 14 December 1944, the 2nd MCG joined the 35th Infantry Division as it was assaulting the Siegfried Line. They were relieved on 22 December by the 44th Infantry Division and moved north to assist in the relief of Bastogne. Holding the flank against the Germans, the 2nd MCG freed up troops needed for the assault on the southern shoulder of the Bastogne salient. This period was marked by active patrolling and small unit actions to harass the Germans and divert their attention from their main objectives. In early January 1945, C Troop of the 2nd Squadron seized the town of Machtum, killing nine Germans and capturing fourteen, while only losing three wounded.On 7 February 1945, the 2nd MCG screened the advance of the XII Corps across the Sauer River, and conducted their own assault across the Moselle on 19 February in order to support the advance of the 10th Armored Division. The 2nd Squadron dismounted and led the attack; they seized the town of Wincheringen, and captured 30–40 Germans at the loss of 5 killed and 22 wounded. Conducting limited patrols along the Moselle, the 2nd MCG was assigned to the 76th Infantry Division and was sent to clear the compromised southern flank of the division. After completing this mission, the 42nd Squadron attacked the town of Zemmer on 7 March, and killed 10 Germans, and captured 61. On 2 April, the cavalrymen, conducting scouting and screening missions, located and liberated 3,328 US and 3,205 Allied POWs, including a Soviet general near Bad Orb. The rapid nature of the US advance made rear security of paramount importance, and the 2nd MCG conducted this mission along with other cavalry units. On 10 April, the 42nd Squadron attacked 300 SS troops and 3 tanks near Gleicherwiesen, destroying the enemy's freedom of movement and protecting the advance of XII Corps.One of the most remarkable missions the 2nd MCG performed was at the end of the war. On 28 April, A Troop, 42nd Squadron seized the town of Hostouň in Czechoslovakia in order to liberate Allied POWs. They discovered 300 POWs, as well as 670 horses, including the famous Lipizzaner stallions.  General Patton, a cavalryman himself, ordered their rescue when he learned that the Lipizzaners would fall under Soviet control. On 12 May, four days after VE Day, "Operation Cowboy" was launched to rescue the fine horses, and all were successfully herded or ridden back to American lines. This was dramatized by Walt Disney in the 1963 movie, Miracle of the White Stallions.
The Cold War began in 1945 with the ending of World War II, and the 2nd Cavalry was charged with conducting border surveillance along the Iron Curtain. In 1951, the regiment was headquartered in Nuremberg and operated out of the cities of Freising and Augsburg. In 1955, the cavalry returned to the US and were relieved by the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment. They returned to Germany in 1958, and would remain there for the next 33 years; they operated out of Nuremberg, Feucht, Bindlach, Amberg, and Bamberg. Throughout this period, the 2nd Cavalry was responsible for reconnoitering and providing border security along 731 kilometers of the Iron Curtain; 375 km along with West German-East German border, and 365 km along the West German-Czechoslovak border. In 1978, M Troop, of 3rd Squadron, was selected to represent the US in the 1979 Canadian Army Trophy (CAT), finishing 4th – the first time the US entrant had not placed last. In 1989, the Iron Curtain was lifted, and the regiment halted their border security missions on 1 March 1990.
When the Gulf War began in 1990, the regiment was ordered to move to Saudi Arabia and prepare for combat operations. By mid-December, the 2nd ACR had established itself in the VII Corps sector of the Saudi desert and began training to fight. The 210th Field Artillery Brigade, AH-64 Apache helicopters from 2-1 Aviation Battalion, and the 82nd Engineer Battalion joined the regiment to form "Dragoon Battle Group," a force of 8,500 soldiers.On 23 February 1991, the 2nd Cavalry attacked across the Saudi–Iraq border after preparatory fires, and engaged in their first combat operation in 45 years. Spearheading the VII Corps advance, the regiment attacked into southern Iraq and fought a series of sharp battles with four divisions of the Iraqi Army. The 2nd and 3rd Squadrons of the regiment destroyed two brigades of the Iraqi Republican Guards Tawakalna Division in the Battle of 73 Easting. The 2nd Squadron, 2nd ACR alone contributed 55 Iraqi tanks destroyed, 45 other armored vehicles, an equal number of trucks, hundreds of Iraqi infantry KIA, and 865 Iraqi soldiers taken prisoner. The unit earned the Valorous Unit Award for its service in Operation Desert Storm. By the end of its covering force mission in Iraq, the 2nd ACR had broken the Republican Guard's defensive line, provided intelligence to the VII Corps commander, and moved over 250 kilometers. It also captured 2,000 prisoners, destroyed 159 enemy tanks, and 260 other vehicles. The regiment's losses include 6 Dragoons killed, and 19 wounded.
Returning from the Gulf, the regiment was relocated from Nuremberg, Germany to Fort Lewis, Washington. The regiment's ground squadrons were converted into a light cavalry unit consisting of Humvees mounted with TOW launchers, Mk 19 grenade launchers, .50 caliber machine guns and M249 light machine guns (SAWs). The 2nd ACR "light" was then sent to Fort Polk in Louisiana in 1992. From there, the regiment deployed in support of the peace enforcement operation in Haiti from 1995 to 1996; Operation Uphold Democracy. The 3rd Squadron ("Wolfpack") was the first ground unit to deploy and operated under the 25th Infantry Division in Port au Prince, Haiti. After six months in Haiti, 1st Squadron arrived to replace 3rd Squadron. In October 1995, 2nd Squadron replaced 3rd Squadron and redeployed in March 1996 completing the cycle. In Haiti the Dragoons served in a number of different roles. They guarded humanitarian relief convoys, and served as the United Nations Quick Reaction Force (UNQRF). They also seized illegal weapons, conducted security patrols, and protected the Haitian president, and the US President (Bill Clinton) and Vice President (Al Gore) when they visited the island.
In April 1997, the regiment received orders to be prepared to deploy to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Following the first mission rehearsal exercise held at the JRTC in June, the unit moved to Germany to begin integration with the 1st Armored Division. Meanwhile, all its equipment was shipped to the intermediate staging base at Taszar, Hungary.
The regiment's participation in Operation Joint Guard began when the 2nd and 3rd Squadrons moved across the Sava River into Bosnia in August 1997 to augment the 1st Infantry Division (Forward) in support of Bosnia-Herzegovina's municipal elections. The regiment's air cavalry, the 4th Squadron and the Regimental Support Squadron also moved into the country. The regiment's separate units – the 502nd Military Intelligence Company; the 84th Engineer Company; Company H (Aviation Maintenance), 159th Aviation Regiment; and the Air Defense Battery – completed the regimental troop list.
While the ground squadrons were in Bosnia, the regimental headquarters deployed to Germany to train with the 1st Armored Division Headquarters in preparation for assuming command in Bosnia. During August and September, the regiment was spread across five countries on two continents, and was under the direct command and control of three different general officer commands. This period included another first for any Army unit during a 12-month period: the regiment participated in major training exercises at all three of the Army's combat training centers: The National Training Center (NTC) at Fort Irwin, the Joint Readiness Training Center (JRTC) at Fort Polk, and the Joint Multinational Readiness Center (JMRC) at Hohenfels, Germany. In October the remainder of the regiment rode into theater, assuming responsibility for the American sector of Multinational Division (North), which stretched from the war-torn bridge at Brčko in the north to the shattered city of Srebrenica in the south.
The first major action of the regiment in Bosnia was the seizing of Serbian radio-television towers to control communications into the Republika Srpska. Other significant operations that the regiment conducted include: the restructuring of the Republika Srpska Specialist Police; the creation of the first multi-ethnic police department, in the city of Brčko; security for the announcement of the Brcko Arbitration Decision (an effort to resolve the status of this Serb-dominated city within Bosnia); institution of common license plates and currency in Bosnia, and the opening of the Bosnian rail system. In conducting operations in this sector, the regiment executed an estimated 12,500 patrols and 480 weapon storage site inspections, supervised the removal of over 12,000 mines, and oversaw 350 training exercises for the former warring factions. The regiment served one of the longest tours of military units there.
After returning from Bosnia, the unit remained at Fort Polk, Louisiana. On 13 April 2002, B Troop, 1-2 Cavalry deployed to Southwest Asia in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and the Global War of Terror. They provided port and site security in Kuwait, Qatar, Jordan, and Djibouti, and were relieved by L Troop, 3-2 Cavalry, in October, who continued these duties.
On 5 April 2003, 2nd Squadron was deployed again to the Gulf for Operation Iraqi Freedom. The rest of the regiment arrived in May and operated in eastern Baghdad. The troopers worked to improve the peoples' lives, and provided security to infrastructure sites such as power stations, telephone stations, fuel stations, schools, and hospitals. The 2nd Armored Cavalry also took direct action in hundreds of raids to disrupt the activities of the Fedayeen Saddam militia. The regiment also trained several companies of the Iraqi Civil Defense Corps (ICDC) to assist their operations. On 19 August 2003, a VBIED detonated near a UN compound and a spinal cord clinic causing consternation and much damage. Elements of the 2nd Cavalry rushed to secure the area, and saved the lives of 125 UN workers.On 4 April 2004, the 2nd Armored Cavalry and the 1st BCT-1st Cavalry Division engaged in fierce urban fighting during the Siege of Sadr City. The Dragoons and thousands of Muqtada al-Sadr's militiamen, the Mahdi Army, clashed in a violent battle that cost 8 US and 300 enemy deaths. This initial battle marked the beginning of several more uprisings throughout Iraq, and the 2nd Cavalry was soon sent south to battle insurgents in Hillah, Al Kut, An Najaf, Kufa, and Al Diwaniyah. This action forced them to stay in Iraq for a further three months. The battles of Al Kut, Kufa, and Al Diwaniyah were short, but intense. The regiment was forced to retake each town from hostile forces and seize government buildings. In An Najaf, hundreds of Mahdi Militiamen fought a protracted urban campaign that lasted a few weeks. In late June 2004, the 2nd Cavalry was relieved by elements of the 1st Infantry Division and returned to Fort Polk on 15 July 2004. In Iraq, the Dragoons suffered 21 killed and over 100 wounded. They had inflicted 1,000 deaths on their enemy and captured hundreds more. A total of 16 months was spent in combat, and the regiment earned another Presidential Unit Citation. On its return from combat operations, the 2nd ACR found itself heading back to Fort Lewis in Washington in December 2004. The regiment was re-designated the 2nd Cavalry Regiment and reorganized as a Stryker brigade combat team in April 2005.
On 1 June 2006 at Fort Lewis, Washington, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment and the 1st Brigade, 25th Infantry Division conducted a joint re-flagging and Casing of the Colors ceremony. The 2nd CR was reflagged as the 4th Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division (Stryker). The 1st Brigade, 25th Infantry Division cased its brigade colors and was reflagged as the 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment. The Army re-stationed 2nd SCR to Rose Barracks, Vilseck, Germany, near the regiment's Cold War home of Nuremberg, as of 15 September 2006. With a foundation of infantry-based tactics and the mobility of the Stryker vehicle, the Stryker unit has become more of a hybrid, filling the gap between pure, light infantry and the mechanized, heavy infantry.
On 12 August 2007, the Dragoons arrived in Kuwait and prepared for another combat deployment in Iraq. On 13 September, the regiment replaced the 3rd Stryker Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division at Camp Liberty, Baghdad as part of President George W. Bush's surge campaign. 1st Squadron (War Eagles), with Troops A, B, and C, was sent to NE Baghdad to work in Sadr City, Hayy Ur, Thawra, Jamilla, and Adhamiyah. They conducted numerous cordon-and-search, checkpoint, and raid missions until the Jaysh al-Mahdi uprising in March 2008. Joining with Iraqi Army and Iraqi Police, 1st Squadron fought these insurgents until a ceasefire was brokered on 11 March. The squadron assisted building a security wall in Sadr City and conducted many civic action projects until it was sent to Mosul in August 2008 to assist the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment quell the violence in that city.2nd Squadron (Cougars), with Troops D, E, and F, was sent to East Rashid in south central Baghdad. E Troop was quickly lauded for its aggressive operations against Al-Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) extremists, which resulted in 10 wounded Dragoons and 13 enemy killed in action. Working alongside the 3rd Squadron (Wolfpack), with Troops G, H, I, and N, they cleared the neighborhoods of Dora and Hadar in Operation Dragoon Talon. The combined effort of 2nd Squadron and 3rd Squadron cleared out East Rashid or AQI insurgents, and allowed local nationals to return to their homes.While 2nd Squadron was in East Rashid until May 2008, 3rd Squadron was acting as the Corps reserve and sent to Diyala Governorate to conduct clearing operations with the 4th Stryker Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division. G, H, and I Troops were sent to the "breadbasket of Iraq" in the Hamrin Mountains during Operation Raider Harvest to clear out AQI strongholds. From December 2007-October 2008, the region was made safer and infrastructure was improved by the squadron as they defeated numerous AQI cells and conducted humanitarian operations.4th Squadron (Sabre), with Troops O, P, Q, and elements of I moved to FOB Prosperity in the Al Karkh district of the Green Zone. Here, the troopers secured the heart of Baghdad and turned it into one of the most secure areas of the city; they successfully partnered with units of the Iraqi Army and police to accomplish this mission.Fires Squadron (Hell), with A, B, and C Batteries along with support from K Troop, was based out of Camp Taji to secure the region of Agar Quf northeast of Baghdad. C Battery acted as the reserve force of the 1st Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division and conducted air assault mission to kill or capture high value targets. The remainder of the squadron continued to secure the Agar Quf region and conducted both combat and humanitarian operations. In January 2008, Fires Squadron was returned to Regimental control, and 1st Battalion-21st Infantry Regiment (Gimlets) was attached to the 2nd Cavalry.In April 2008, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment moved to Diyala Governorate to replace the 4th Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division and joined with elements of the 3rd Cavalry Regiment to combat extremist Sunni and Shia militias. The Dragoons also conducted humanitarian operations and partnered with their Iraqi allies to make this possible. In Operation Glad Tidings of Benevolence 50,000 Iraqi soldiers and police officers assisted the regiment in aiding the community, as well as clearing out villages, roads, and farms controlled by terrorist forces.At the completion of this 15-month tour in Iraq, it was at its most consolidated by June 2008 with all units in Diyala but 1st Squadron, which was in Sadr City. On 25 November 2008, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment (Stryker) was officially welcomed back to Vilseck, Germany on 7 October 2008. During Operation Iraqi Freedom 2007–2008, the 2nd Stryker Cavalry Regiment lost 29 troopers killed, 250 wounded, and 70 vehicles were damaged. They managed to kill over 100 confirmed enemies and capture 1,100 more. 100,000 IEDs, weapons, and other enemy materiel items were either captured or destroyed.
On 15 March 2010, the Department of Defense announced that the 2nd Cavalry Regiment would deploy to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and the International Security Assistance Force in July 2010. In July 2010, 1st Squadron assumed responsibility of Tarin Kowt, Afghanistan in Uruzgan Province as well as the Shah Wali Kot District serving alongside Australia's 2nd Cavalry Regiment. The remainder of the regiment was located in the volatile Kandahar Province with regimental headquarters located at FOB Lagman.
In the summer of 2013, the 2nd Cavalry Regiment deployed to Afghanistan for a second time in southern Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and the International Security Assistance Force. The Regiment redeployed to Rose Barracks in April 2014. The Regiment was awarded the Meritorious Unit Citation for their efforts in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment is organized as a Stryker brigade combat team, consisting of the following units (all squadrons minus 1st Squadron conducted reflagging ceremonies in summer 2012 to realign the regiment to historical precedence):
4th Squadron 2nd Cavalry Regiment "Saber" (reconnaissance, surveillance, and target acquisition squadron)
Quickstrike Troop – (anti-armor troop – 9 TOW-equipped Stryker vehicles and 12 Stryker MGS vehicles)
Sgt Conrad Schmidt. US Civil War, on 19 September 1864 at the Third Battle of Winchester; awarded March 16, 1896.
Private Heth Canfield. Indian Wars. On 15 May 1870, while serving with Company C at Little Blue, Nebraska, for displaying gallantry in action.
Private Michael Himmelsback. Indian Wars. On 15 May 1870, while serving with Company C at Little Blue, Nebraska, for displaying gallantry in action.
Private Patrick James Leonard. Indian Wars. On 15 May 1870, while serving with Company C at Little Blue, Nebraska, for displaying gallantry in action.
Private Thomas Hubbard. Indian Wars. On 15 May 1870, while serving with Company C at Little Blue, Nebraska, for displaying gallantry in action.
Private George W. Thompson. Indian Wars. On 15 May 1870. while serving with Company C at Little Blue, Nebraska, for gallantry in action.
Private Wilfred Clark. Indian Wars. On 9 August 1877 at Big Hole, Montana, and on 20 August 1877 at Camas Meadows, Idaho, while serving with Company L, for displaying conspicuous gallantry, especial skill as sharpshooter.
Private William Leonard. Indian Wars. On 7 May 1877, while serving with Company L, for bravery in action.
First Sergeant Henry Wilkens. Indian Wars. On 7 May 1877, at Little Muddy Creek, Montana, and 20 August 1877 at Camas Meadows, Idaho, for gallantry in action.
Private Samuel D. Phillips. Indian Wars. On 7 May 1877, while serving with Company H at Little Muddy Creek, Montana, for gallantry in action.
Corporal Harry Garland. Indian Wars. On 7 May 1877 at Little Muddy Creek, Montana, and on 29 August 1877 at Camas Meadows, Idaho, while serving with Company L, for gallantry in action with hostile Sioux, at Little Muddy Creek, Mont.; having been wounded in the hip so as to be unable to stand, at Camas Meadows, Idaho, he still continued to direct the men under his charge until the enemy withdrew.
William H. Jones. Indian Wars. While serving with Company L, on 7 May 1877 at Little Muddy Creek, Montana for gallantry in the attack against hostile Sioux Indians, and on 20 August 1877 at Camas Meadows for the engagement with Nez Perces Indians in which he sustained a painful knee wound.
Second Lieutenant Edward J. McClernand. Indian Wars. On 20 September 1877, for gallantly attacking a band of hostiles and conducting the combat with excellent skill and boldness.
Sergeant T.B. Glover. Indian Wars. On 10 April 1879 at Mizpah Creek, Montana, and at Pumpkin Creek, Montana on 10 February 1880, while serving with Troop B, he was in charge of small scouting parties, fought, charged, surrounded, and captured war parties of Sioux Indians.
Captain Eli L. Huggins. Indian Wars. On 1 April 1880, at O'Fallons Creek, Montana, for surprising the Indians in their strong position and fighting them until dark with great boldness.
Second Lieutenant Lloyd M. Brett. Indian Wars. On 1 April 1880, at O'Fallons Creek, Montana, his fearless exposure and dashing bravery in cutting off the Indians' pony herd, thereby greatly crippling the hostiles.
"Kidder Massacre" in which 11 soldiers of the 2nd Cavalry and an Indian guide were killed 2 July 1867 at Beaver Creek, Sherman County Kansas by Cheyenne & Sioux.
Nuenen (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈnynə(n)]) is a town in the municipality of Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten in the Netherlands. From 1883 to 1885, Vincent van Gogh lived and worked in Nuenen. In 1944, the town was a battle scene during Operation Market Garden. The local dialect is called Peellands. In 2009, Nuenen had a population of 22,437.
Nuenen is listed in the 1792 Gazetteer of the Netherlands, which lists it as "a village of Brabant, two leagues W. from Helmont".
During Operation Market Garden on September 20, 1944, Nuenen was the scene of a battle involving the American 506th PIR of the 101st Airborne Division and the British 15th/19th The King's Royal Hussars of the 11th Armoured Division equipped with Cromwell tanks, against the German 107th Panzer Brigade. The British lost two tanks, and four American and three British soldiers were killed. The Germans suffered two fatalities.
The spoken language is Peellands (an East Brabantian dialect, which is very similar to colloquial Dutch).
In 1882 Van Gogh's father became a pastor in Nuenen and the family lived at the vicarage there.  After a stay in Drenthe for several months, Van Gogh moved to live with his parents in December 1883 and stayed there until May 1885.Vincent van Gogh resided in Nuenen from 1883 to 1885. During that time he painted many character studies of peasants and weavers that culminated in The Potato Eaters, and paintings of still life.  He also painted his father's church, vicarage and its garden, one such work being Congregation Leaving the Reformed Church in Nuenen (Het uitgaan van de hervormde kerk te Nuenen) depicting the church, which is situated in a park area on the corner of Papenvoort Street and  Houtrijk Street in the north of Nuenen. This painting was stolen from the Van Gogh Museum in December 2002 and recovered in Italy in September 2016. There is a street named after it in the town, as well as a cafe, college and bar. A statue of Van Gogh is located in the central park of the town.
Theoretical computer scientist Edsger W. Dijkstra lived in Nuenen later in his life, and died there in 2002. The following year, the ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) PODC Influential Paper Award in distributed computing was renamed the Dijkstra Prize in his honour.
Francesco D'Isa is an Italian artist, writer, journalist and art curator. He studied philosophy in Florence, Italy. He's self-taught as an artist: his fascination with visual imagery has driven him to master the required skills. He's a pioneer of digital art in Italy, but his drawing abilities let him work with traditional media as well. He was the co-founder of the Italian art & literature magazine "Mostro", where he published his first artworks. After that, his digital and traditional artworks were featured in many magazines around the world, like "Expose III", Ballistic Publishing (US); "Pixel Surgeons: Extreme manipulation of the figure in Photography", Mitchell Beazley Art & Design, Octopus ed. (UK); "Black magic, White Noise" ed "Illusive 3", Die Gestalten Verlag (Germany); "Design 360°", SanDu Culture ed. (China), GQ magazine (Italy), Inside Art (Italy). His accolade in contemporary art practice has been recognised with several art prizes. He has exhibited internationally from Italy, Germany, Holland, Switzerland, England, US, Australia, Russia, South America. His theory and practice has been extended as a workshop leader and lecturer in multimedia. In 2007 he became "Pornpope" founding the porn-artistic collective Pornsaints. He organized for Pornsaints international art exhibitions and parties in art galleries and erotic festivals, both in Europe and USA. Moreover, through his work as "Pornpope" many international porn stars like Kylie Ireland, Stoya, Madison Young, Sasha Grey and Ariel Rebel acted for him as muses, models and working partners. In 2009 his art has been chosen for the image of the Italian fashion brand bigfatfanny and featured at the fashion fair Pitti Immagine 2010. In 2010, his comic "I., a comic drawn by everyone" become a regular blog of the Italian online newspaper Il Post; in November 2011 "I." has been published as an illustrated book by Nottempo (Italy). In 2013, his short stories has been published in "Selezione Naturale", Effequ (Italy) and "Toscani Maledetti", Piano B (Italy) and his short comic "Liebe macht nicht frei, baby!" as ebook for Retina Comics. His first novel, "Anna - storia di un palindromo" has been published in 2014 by Effequ (Italy), his second novel, "Ultimo piano (o porno totale)", by Imprimatur (Italy) in 2015, the third "La Stanza di Therese", by Tunué (Italy) in 2017. He regularly writes for Il Post (Italy) and RT Book Reviews (USA). Since 2015, he's head editor of the Italian magazine L'INDISCRETO.
E-NABLE is a distributed, Open Source community that creates and shares open source designs for assistive devices. It is known for creating the first 3D printable prosthetic hand and sharing the designs and code for bioelectric limbs.
In 2011, Ivan Owen created a metal, functional puppet hand for a Steampunk costume. After posting a video of the hand on YouTube, he was contacted by South African carpenter Richard Van As who had lost his fingers in a woodworking accident. Owen and Van As worked on prototypes of a prosthetic hand, before Owen decided to incorporate 3D printing into the design process. This led to the creation of the first 3D printed mechanical hand. The sharing of the design of this hand on an Open License led to the creation of the community. 
The e-NABLE community "started with around 100 or so people who were simply offering to print the files that were already in existence".Chapters of the organisation exist in many countries, and each works in different ways. For example, one Canadian chapter recycles excess plastic waste to create the prosthetics. A chapter in Aden, Yemen, is producing prosthetic hands for people injured in Yemen's civil war.The Open Source nature of the project is enabling diverse groups around the world to create prosthetics for people within their own communities. A Colombian engineer called Christian Silva has created superhero-themed prosthetic arms for children.  In 2016, an Iron Man-themed arm created by Albert Menero was given to a child by Iron Man actor Robert Downey Jr.
The E-nable website contains a tool called the “Handomatic,” which is used to fit prosthetic hands according to the measurements of the individual recipient. The tool then creates a custom design which can then be downloaded.
Leopold Flam (16 March 1912 – 29 September 1995) was a Belgian philosopher. Together with Alphonse De Waelhens, Chaïm Perelman and Rudolf Boehm, he was one of leading philosophers of Belgium from the 1960s until the 1980s.
Born in Antwerp, Flam studied social sciences, political history, philosophy and chemistry at the University of Ghent and obtained a PhD in history. During World War II he was imprisoned in the Dossin Barracks in Mechelen and in the Buchenwald concentration camp. After the war he became a professor at the Free University of Brussels.
He founded the Vlaamse vereniging voor Wijsbegeerte (1959) (E: Flemish League for Philosophy), later of Aurora. He became director of the magazine Geschiedenis in het onderwijs (E: History in education).
The Kyoto at-large district (Japanese: 京都府選挙区, Hepburn: Kyōto-fu senkyoku) is a constituency that represents Kyoto Prefecture in the House of Councillors of the Diet of Japan. It has four Councillors in the 242-member house.
The constituency represents the entire population of Kyoto Prefecture. Since its inception in 1947, the district has elected four Councillors to six-year terms, two at alternating elections held every three years. The district has 2,088,383 registered voters as of September 2015. The Councillors currently representing Kyoto are:
The Quinnipiac Barnacle is a parody newspaper at Quinnipiac University in Hamden, Connecticut.  The newspaper publishes daily online while school is in session and monthly in print.
While the official website of The Quinnipiac Barnacle states humorously that it was started in 1964 by Quinnipiac University President John Lahey,  it was actually started on November 5, 2012 by juniors Shane Collins and William Vessio as a parody news website.  The website received popularity and press on-campus, as well as strong negative feedback. In Fall 2013, The Barnacle became an officially recognized organization on the Quinnipiac campus  and came out with its first print edition on September 4, 2013.
The Barnacle is currently working on a web video series called BarnacleTV, but no current launch date or information has been made available to public.
An unofficial newspaper on the Quinnipiac campus, The Quad News, published a negative article about The Barnacle on November 11, 2012.  Shortly after, The Barnacle published a satirical response to the article titled "Quad News Staff Tries to Draw a Line."
Irving Schwartz, OC (August 27, 1929 – September 18, 2010) was a Canadian businessman. He was a noted community leader, philanthropist, and humanitarian. He was inducted into the Order of Canada for his work towards ridding the world of landmines, and was later made an officer of the order.
Schwartz was born in New Waterford, Nova Scotia to Abraham and Rose Schwartz, an Ashkenazi Jewish family originally from the Pale of Settlement. They had a small clothing store on Plummer Avenue, the town's main street. After completing grade 11 at Mount Carmel School, Schwartz left high school to attend courses at Mount Allison University and New York University. Upon his return to Cape Breton, in the early 1950s, he became a manager in his parents’ store. In 1955, at the age of 26, Schwartz became the president and general manager of Schwartz and Company. Over the next 30 years, he used this business as his base to go into other businesses and conduct philanthropic work.
Starting in the 1960s, he began investing in business ventures outside of the furniture and clothing businesses. He branched out into long-term care, by opening his first nursing home in Sydney, Nova Scotia. This operation was amalgamated with a Calgary company to form VillaCentres Limited. The newly combined company  built nine nursing homes across the country and controlled the Park Plaza Hotel, in downtown Toronto. In the 1970s, when Cape Breton's economy was starting to unravel, with the Sydney Steel Corporation shedding jobs, and the coal mines around Industrial Cape Breton being slowly shutdown by DEVCO, Schwartz tried to help Cape Breton's economy by investing in diverse businesses that were outside of the traditional heavy-industrial types that were the norm at the time, for example,  seafood farming.In 1976,  he entered the cable television field by gaining a licence for the cable franchise in the Glace Bay and New Waterford areas, known as Seaside Cable TV Ltd (now known as Seaside Communications).  With its sister company, Seaside High-Speed, it is currently providing high-speed wireless internet throughout the rural areas of eastern Nova Scotia.
From an early age he was involved with New Waterford's volunteer fire department,  and ran blood donation drives. He served as  President of the Cape Breton Children's Aid Society, President of the Lions' Club, Chairman of the University College of Cape Breton, co-founder of Junior Achievement in Cape Breton, Director of the National Theatre School of Canada, advisory board member of the Dalhousie School of Business, and Chairman of the Cape Breton Chapter of the Hebrew University.In the early 1990s, he co-founded the Canadian International Demining Corps (CIDC), a charitable, non-government organization supportive of an international ban on the production, stockpiling and deployment of anti-personnel landmines. Headquartered in Sydney, it has provided humanitarian mine deactivation services in Bosnia, Mozambique, Kosovo and Jordan.  Schwartz was honoured with the Order of Canada in 1998 and was upgraded in rank to Officer of the Order of Canada in 2004.
In 2003, he was inducted into the Nova Scotia Business Hall of Fame. Until his death on Yom Kippur, Saturday, September 18, 2010, he was active in both business and philanthropic endeavours, living in Sydney, with his wife of 52 years, Diana Schwartz (née Usher). He had four children and four grandchildren living in Canada and Great Britain at the time of his death.
Eithne Coyle (1897–1985; Irish: Eithne Ni Cumhaill) was an Irish republican activist. She was a leading figure within Cumann na mBan and a member of the Gaelic League. However, her role in the period now known as 'revolutionary Ireland' (c1912-c1924) were more extensive than her membership of these two groups indicates. A letter from Peader O'Donnell dated 19 April 1945 in support of her application for a military service application noted she was targeted severely during the Irish Civil War by the Irish Free State forces who 'regarded her more as an IRA officer than as Cumann na mBan organiser, which indeed she was'. She would also become notorious for her involvement in two high-profile prison escapes in the 1920s.
Coyle was born in Killult, a village near Falcarragh, County Donegal, to Charles Coyle and May McHugh (the youngest of their seven children). Her brother Donal Coyle served as Commandant in the 1st Northern Division of the Irish Volunteers. She joined Cumann na mBan in 1917 and became active in fundraising and anti-conscription campaigns. Her father died at the young age of 36, a misfortune that Coyle attributed to the pressures of dealing with unscrupulous landlords who evicted her family from their lands. She notes in her private papers that it was during this fraught childhood that she first met Maud Gonne 'who dazzled everyone by her beauty, charm, and humility'. For periods in the 1890s, Gonne campaigned in Donegal for tenant farmers' rights.
As head of the County Donegal branch of Cumann na mBan Coyle played a leading role in mobilizing her members to canvass on behalf of Sinn Féin for the 1918 general election. Between 1918 and 1919 she lived for a time in Dungannon as a Gaelic League organizer before moving to County Longford to set up Cumann na mBan branches. She subsequently became Gaelic League organiser in County Roscommon.During the Irish War of Independence whilst Coyle was based in the Longford-Roscommon area she became a close comrade of the local Irish Republican Army, providing them with sketches of a local police station that she knew. Regularly harassed by Black and Tans in Roscommon, with her house twice wrecked by members of the organisation, she was arrested on New Years Day 1921 and subsequently sentenced to three years penal servitude for aiding IRA members. In keeping with Cumann na mBan policy, she refused to recognize the court during her trial. She noted in her private papers, 'I read a newspaper during the whole comedy and only raised my eyes once to tell the presiding officer that he was wasting his precious time, as I did not recognise his sham court, as I spoke Irish one of the police had to translate my seven words of wisdom.'
She first recalled seeing Constance Markievicz at Mountjoy Prison, where she was serving a sentence of two years hard labor. Coyle noted that 'we could only wave at her at Mass on Sunday as we were not allowed to kneel beside her at the altar rails.' Coyle and fellow inmate Linda Kearns hatched a plan to escape from the prison. On 31 October 1921 Coyle and Kearns, along with two other inmates Mary Burke and Aileen Keogh, with help from sympathetic warders, scaled the wall of the prison and escaped in cars driven by republicans who had been instructed to wait outside.
Following the Anglo-Irish Treaty Coyle supported the anti-treaty faction. Following the signing of the treaty she was appointed organiser for Cumann na mBan, who were the first major organisation to proclaim against the Anglo-Irish Treaty, for the North West of Ireland. She toured County Donegal, County Londonderry and part of County Tyrone and found that many of the local branches had lost much of their membership and was forced to reorganise the movement in Ulster as a more streamlined model.Coyle also sought to enforce the IRA boycott on Belfast goods that had passed but which had met with little enthusiasm and the Belfast Telegraph even reported that on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway an armed Coyle held up the train from which she removed all copies of Belfast newspapers before publicly burning them. Coyle's activity, which was not sanctioned by Cumann na mBan's leadership, became a regular occurrence on that train line. She was also the official dispatch carrier between the IRA 1st Northern Division and 3rd Western Division, a role that included rowing between Donegal and Sligo to ensure messages were not intercepted.During early 1922 Coyle's activities saw her frequently arrested by pro-treaty forces although on each occasion she was released without charge. However, in September 1922 the Provisional Government decided to crack down on the activities of Cumann na mBan renegades and Coyle was the first member to be arrested as part of this move. Initially held at Ballyshannon she created another first there by becoming the Cumann na mBan member to go on hunger strike, refusing food for seven days as there was no female prison guard. After being detained at Buncrana Barracks for two weeks Coyle was eventually taken to Mountjoy Prison by boat, some eight weeks after her initial arrest.By the time Coyle arrived at Mountjoy there were already several Cumann na mBan members in the prison and overcrowding became a problem. Coyle led protests against these conditions, with the women throwing their beds out of the cells and sleeping on the floor. This lasted for six weeks before another hunger strike was begun. Later moved to the North Dublin Union internment camp after an infamous night of terror for women transferred from Mountjoy Prison and Kilmainham Gaol. Coyle noted the terrible conditions at the North Dublin Union, which had previously housed troops: 'without exaggeration you could dig the dirt off the floors with a spade and leave enough behind for worms'. Coyle was one of twenty female prisoners to escape on 7 May 1923. She was recaptured the following day however.
Coyle was appointed to the executive of Cumann na mBan in 1924 and was elected as President in 1926, after Constance Markievicz   resigned to join Fianna Fáil  . It was a post she held until her resignation in 1941. She married Bernard O'Donnell, a Donegal IRA man, in 1935.Coyle, who held socialist opinions, was a founder member of the Republican Congress in 1934 although on 18 July that same year she and fellow Cumann na mBan activist Sheila Humphreys resigned after it became clear that a feud between the IRA factions would follow this move, something both women hoped to avoid.After she stood down as President of Cumann na mBan she started research to complete a history of the organisation from 1914 to 1923.  She had a particular interest in the women involved from the North of Ireland and Scotland. Her private papers reveal she had collected surveys and questionnaires from a range of women but she never published a book on this subject.
Accountants House is a heritage-listed commercial building and former warehouse located at 117-119 Harrington Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of The Rocks in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by Spain and Cosh and built c. 1914. It is also known as Dawnay Day House. The property is owned by Property NSW, an agency of the Government of New South Wales. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 10 May 2002.
The track that would become Essex Street had been established by 1807, when it was shown on James Meehan's survey. The intersection of Essex and Gloucester Streets, just beyond what is now Accountants House, was reputedly known as Gallows Hill due to its view into Sydney's first gaol complex. It appears that there were some structures on the building's site on the corner of Harrington and Essex Streets at that time.Robert Russell's survey of Section No. 63 prepared during the 1830s shows a number of claimants for the northern end of the block between Essex Street, Gloucester Street, Church Hill (Charlotte Place, later Grosvenor Street) and Harrington Street. The claimants included Edward Hunt, Marianne Dickens (or Mary Ann Dicken), Anne Whitaker, George and Edmund Chapman and John Kingdon Cleave.
The outlines of the buildings are shown on Russell's survey and include the building on the corner of Essex and Harrington Street later used as Hogan's stables. The 1858 Metropolitan Sewerage & Drainage Board (MWSDB) also shows Hogan's Stables. It is possible that the stables were the building shown on the 1830s survey however no buildings are shown on the 1847 plan of Cleave's grant. The 1882 rate books describe the building as being a brick stable with an iron roof. Hogan may also have lived on the premises, as later rate books note a residence, possibly a converted shed. The 1888 Metropolitan Detail series plan shows the layout of the stables and the yard, the entrance to which was from Harrington Street. Additional detail is recorded on Percy Dove's 1880s plans which indicates that the stables were a single storey building with a passageway to the rear (north) that led to Frog Hollow (just behind the site). Sheds lined the southern and the western side of the yard.Following the outbreak of bubonic plague in December 1900 an extensive "cleansing" of the perceived "slum" areas was undertaken and the entire area from Millers Point, where the outbreak occurred, as far south as Charlotte Place (Grosvenor Street) was resumed by the state, under the Public Works Act. The immediate waterfront and part of Millers Point was resumed and vested in the Sydney Harbour Trust. The remainder of the resumed lands became known as the Observatory Hill Resumed Lands.The resumption plans record that the stables on the corner of Essex Street were the property of Edmund Compton Batt, Andrew Edmund Jacques and John Mitchell Purves (1847-1915). Purves was the founder of Batt, Rodd and Purves Auctioneers and Estate Agents of 88 Pitt Street. He was Mayor of North Sydney and represented Clarence in the Legislative Assembly from 1880-1887.The irregular allotments at the intersection with Essex Street were regularised and 20 new lots created, each with a street frontage. A survey was undertaken in April 1905 and the first "auction sale of the Observatory Hill lands" occurred on 4 December 1905.
The property with stables was tenanted until the end of the decade when it was purchased by G. E. Crane and Sons. No photographic record of the demolition of the stables has been located. Documents for a warehouse building were submitted to Council and approved in July 1913. Minor modifications to the building were submitted to Council by architects Spain and Cosh later that year.The building which was erected comprises a load-bearing brick walled structure framed internally with timber posts and beams and with timber floor framing. It consisted of five floors and a flat roof. In 1934 the fabric was modified by the addition of a lift and motor house.In February 1950 the architectural firm of Crane and Scott submitted their drawings, executed for G. E. Crane and Sons Ltd, to convert the warehouse to an office building. This necessitated the construction of a new lift, fire isolated stair, lobby spaces and toilet facilities. Externally a new entry and terracotta tiling were incorporated into the Harrington Street facade. The lift installed in 1934, on the northern side of the building, appears to have been removed.
An application to install an awning over the Harrington Street entrance was made in March 1952 by the firm of A. W. Edwards. The building was purchased by the Australian Society of Accountants at about this time, and some parts of the building were subsequently tenanted, minor modifications resulted from this. Apart from modifications to internal partitions, subsequent alterations took place in 1962 when the Australian Society of Accountants installed new partitioning on several levels and installed a system of mechanical ventilation. A new entry and surround were also added, providing access from Essex Street to the first floor.
As a result of the establishment of the Sydney Cove Redevelopment Authority in January 1970, early offers were made to purchase the building, then notification of resumption was given by the Authority in November of that year. After a short period of dispute, the Australian Society of Accountants vacated the premises in October 1971. The building remained tenanted and minor repair work was carried out. New bitumen coated asbestos roofing, guttering and some downpipes were renewed in 1978.In the 1980s a proposal was put forward to demolish both 117-119 Harrington Street and 120 Gloucester St as well as Bushells Building and create a park, contingent to high rise development on adjacent sites, but this never went ahead.In December 2003 the NSW Heritage Council approved a development application for the upgrading of the building and its combination with the adjoining building at 120 Gloucester St. The proposal was prepared by the architect, John Graham & Associates. These plans were used as a basis to attract expressions of interest for the conservation and adaptive re-use of the building to be funded by the future developer/occupant of the building in return for a long lease to the building.In June 2004 title to the building was transferred from the Sydney Cove Redevelopment Authority to the Sydney Harbour Foreshore Authority. In 2005 a revised development application was lodged by HEG Holdings Pty Ltd which was prepared by architects, Noosphere Ideas Pty Ltd. Whilst combining the buildings at 120 Gloucester and 117-119 Harrington Streets, the revised proposal deleted the already approved new top floor to 117-119 Harrington Street and substituted a two-storey, lightweight penthouse of unambiguously modern design. The 1950 lift shaft and stairs were retained in their original location within 117-119 Harrington Street. In addition the roof top laundry and chimneys were also lost along with the roof structure. The parapet along the east side of the building adjoining 117-119 Harrington Street was demolished so that the terrace area of the penthouse at 117-119 Harrington Street could be extended over part of the roof area of 120 Gloucester Street. This work was carried out in 2006.
In 2005 a 99-year lease was signed with HEG Holdings Pty Ltd who developed the building project and in 2006 the lease was transferred to the current lessee, Downay Day Walden. 117-119 Harrington Street is now known as Dawnay Day House and is the Australian headquarters of the Dawnay Day group. In addition to containing the offices of Dawnay Day Walden, the combined building of 117-119 Harrington Street and 120 Gloucester Street contains the offices of various tenants which are accessed from the four entrances to the combined buildings. The four entrances are located at 117-119 Harrington Street, 7 Essex Street, 5 Essex Street and 120 Gloucester Street.
The building is adjoined to the west by the Housing Board building, 120 Gloucester Street, and neighboured by the Bushells building to the immediate south. The building is a typical example of the Federation Warehouse style. Located on a street corner, the site rises from east to west. The building comprises a ground floor, four upper levels, and a flat trafficable roof. External walls are of load-bearing face brick, laid English bond, framed internally with timber posts and beams with timber floor framing. The Harrington Street facade is symmetrical and is divided into three bays. The original timber frame, double-hung windows are painted and, above the first floor, are set within the recessed wall portions of the two side bays. The window heads are arched. This detailing and window arrangement is also evident on the Essex Street elevation. The exterior of the building is in good condition and retains much of the original integrity and fabric. The interior of the building is also in good condition and retains of a significant portion of original fabric and integrity.
1950 – A new lift, reinforced concrete with fire door, stair, lobby spaces and toilet facilities were constructed. New entry works and terracotta tiling to the Harrington Street facade were also undertaken. The lift installed in 1934 was removed.
1952 – An application to install an awning over the Harrington Street entrance was submitted by A. W. Edwards.
1962 – New partitioning on several levels and mechanical ventilation were installed. A new entry from Essex Street was also added.
2006 – A two-storey, lightweight penthouse constructed. The roof top laundry and chimneys were lost along with the roof structure. The parapet along the east side of the building adjoining 117-119 Harrington Street was demolished so that the terrace area of the penthouse at 117-119 Harrington Street could be extended over part of the roof area of 120 Gloucester Street. Both buildings joined.
Accountants House and its site are of State heritage significance for their historical and scientific cultural values. The site and building are also of State heritage significance for their contribution to The Rocks area which is of State Heritage significance in its own right.Accountant's House, 117-119 Harrington Street, The Rocks, has aesthetic significance as a modest example of a Federation Warehouse building, erected c. 1914. The external form and detail of the building is characterised by the arrangement of paired windows set within recessed bays, and the battlemented parapets. Much of the original timber structure of the interior and the Art Deco styled refurbishment, including the main stair and lift, remains intact. The scale, form, use of materials and detailing of the building makes a positive contribution to the intact 19th and early 20th century streetscapes of the Gloucester, Harrington, and Essex Street precinct. Accountant's House has historic and social significance by the strong associations with the early grants and the subsequent developments on this site and within the Rocks generally. The building provides evidence of early endeavours to encourage planned development in the area after the Rocks had been resumed by a government instrumentality in the early 20th century. The building has associations with George McRae and the prominent architectural firm of Spain and Cosh. It has strong associations with the activities of the Sydney Harbour Trust and Rocks Resumption Board as a result of the outbreak of plague in 1900 and planning in regard to a harbour crossing. The site provide evidence of the way in which 20th century thought and activity has influenced the character of The Rocks. Accountants House has archaeological and historical research potential which lie within the information that its fabric retains and displays.Accountants House was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 10 May 2002 having satisfied the following criteria.The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
Accountants House has historic and social significance by the strong associations with the early grants and the subsequent developments on this site and within the Rocks generally. The building provides evidence of early endeavours to encourage planned development in the area after the Rocks had been resumed by a government instrumentality in the early 20th century. The building has associations with the prominent architectural firm of Spain and Cosh.The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
Accountants House has historic and social significance by the strong associations with the early grants and the subsequent developments on this site and within the Rocks generally. The building has associations with George McRae the prominent architectural firm of Spain and Cosh. It has strong associations with the activities of the Sydney Harbour Trust and Rocks Resumption Board as a result of the outbreak of plague in 1900 and planning in regard to a harbour crossing. The site provide evidence of the way in which 20th century thought and activity has influenced the character of The Rocks.The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
Accountants House, 117-119 Harrington Street, The Rocks, has aesthetic significance as a modest example of a Federation Warehouse building, erected c. 1914. The external form and detail of the building is characterised by the arrangement of paired windows set within recessed bays, and the battlemented parapets. Much of the original timber structure of the interior and the Art Deco styled refurbishment, including the main stair and lift, remains intact. The scale, form, use of materials and detailing of the building makes a positive contribution to the intact 19th and early 20th century streetscapes of the Gloucester, Harrington, and Essex Street precinct.The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Accountants House has historic and social significance by the strong associations with the early grants and the subsequent developments on this site and within the Rocks generally. The building provides evidence of early endeavours to encourage planned development in the area after The Rocks had been resumed by a government instrumentality in the early 20th century.The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
Accountants House has archaeological and historical research potential which lie within the information that its fabric retains and displays.
Rod Howard Heritage Conservation P/L (1994). 120 Gloucester Street & 117-119 Harrington Street, The Rocks Conservation Plan.
Sydney Cove Authority (SCA); Hayes, I. (1994). 'The history, description and cultural significance of 117-119 Harrington Street, The Rocks.
 This Wikipedia article was originally based on Accountants House, entry number 1521 in the New South Wales State Heritage Register published by the State of New South Wales and Office of Environment and Heritage 2018 under CC-BY 4.0 licence, accessed on 14 October 2018.
"Accountants House, 117-119 Harrington St, The Rocks, NSW, Australia (Place ID 100265)". Australian Heritage Database. Department of the Environment. 21 October 1980.
Commer was a British manufacturer of commercial vehicles from 1905 until 1979.  Commer vehicles included car-derived vans, light vans, medium to heavy commercial trucks, military vehicles and buses.  The company also designed and built some of its own diesel engines for its heavy commercial vehicles.
This business belonged to Commercial Cars Limited a company incorporated in September 1905 by directors H C B Underdown, barrister and director of Direct United States Cable Co with H G Hutchinson a director of Royal Exchange Assurance to manufacture: commercial cars, omnibuses, charabancs, fire engines and every kind of industrial vehicle.  In 1920, it was described as the first Company to specialise in the manufacture of internal combustion industrial commercial vehicles. In order to go into volume production a site was bought in September 1905 at Biscot Road, Biscot, Luton. Construction of extensive new workshops began on the five acre site which was mostly complete by late 1906. Commercial Cars became a member of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders in August 1906. It was one of the first  manufacturers of commercial vehicles in the United Kingdom, its speciality being the Commer Car.At Olympia's Commercial Motor Show in March 1907, Commer exhibited a motor-bus chassis with a 30–36 horsepower engine and a gearbox invented by Mr Linley, the works manager. Dog-clutches made the change rather than the spur wheels which remained in constant mesh. As well as the bus chassis Commer displayed a char-a-banc for thirty passengers and delivery vans being run by a substantial enterprise.A new "large and powerful" lorry, E43, registration BM 787, took part in the Great Commercial Motor Trials in September 1907. It also had a constant mesh gearbox (Comer (sic) slogan—'dogs which bite with a click'). Unladen weight was (3.7 tonnes) 3 tons 13 cwt, the engine had four-cylinders, its output was 33 horsepower at 800 rpm. It had four forward speeds and was driven by side chains. Length 20 feet (6 metres), width just over (2.1 metres) seven feet and height (1.76 metres) two inches under six feet. The platform was (3.6 metres) twelve feet long. The newspaper noted that a Comercars "chassis" was transporting passengers at Widnes.Production of the first truck, the 3-ton RC type started in 1907. This was later modernized into the SC and so on through the YC range, which was also known as the "Barnet" series of trucks. Their first bus was made in 1909. With the outbreak of the First World War the factory turned to the manufacture of military vehicles for the British Army, and by 1919 more than 3000 had been made.
Though obliged to undergo financial restructure in 1920 in the hope of avoiding creditors, the business was unable to avoid repayment of a debt of £75,000 due to the Treasury, raised in order to pay 60 per cent Excess Profits Duty on wartime activities. Eventually, after agreeing terms with the Receiver in 1925, Commer was bought in 1926 by Humber. In 1931 Humber became a 60-percent-owned subsidiary of the Rootes Group.
The Commer name was replaced by the Dodge name during the 1970s, following the takeover of Rootes by Chrysler Europe. After Peugeot purchased Chrysler Europe in 1978, the Commer factory was run in partnership with the truck division of Renault, Renault Trucks. For some time, it continued to produce the Dodge commercial truck range with Renault badges, and there was a small amount of product development. Eventually, Dodge production was cancelled in favour of mainstream Renault models, and there was a switch to the production of Renault truck and bus engines in the early 1990s.
Many Commer vans and lorries are notable for being fitted with the Rootes TS3 engine, a two-stroke diesel three-cylinder horizontally opposed piston engine, which came to be known as the "Commer Knocker" owing to the distinct noise it produced. Newer Commer vehicles had Perkins and Cummins diesel engines, and, less commonly, Mercedes diesel engines.
The N-series was introduced in 1935, and was also used by the British armed forces in World War II. Production was halted in 1939 and was not recommenced after the war. Cab-over and bonneted trucks were both available, fitted with petrol or diesel engines. The six-cylinder petrol engine was available in 3,181 cc (194.1 cu in) or 4,086 cc (249.3 cu in) versions. The Perkins Leopard diesel engine was also available.
The range included N as well as the lighter-duty LN range of trucks (numbered N1 through N6 depending on their approximate weight capacities in tons), as well as the PN-series of buses, commonly fitted with diesels. There was also the 4/5 ton PLNF5 introduced in 1938. The LN was officially capable of carrying weights similar to those of the corresponding N-series trucks, but had a lower overall max weight and was "definitely not intended to carry an overload" - a tacit recognition of British truckers' habitual overloading of their trucks. The LN-range was also designed to operate effectively within the 1930s 30 mph speed limit for heavier lorries. After the introduction of the 4/5-ton LN5, the 5½-ton (5,600 kg) N5 was discontinued. However, the market decreed otherwise and the N5's revival was announced in February 1938.
The Commer Superpoise range (Q-series) was introduced in 1939, with both semi-forward and full-forward control options. The line included trucks of 1½ to six tons capacity powered by 6-cylinder petrol or diesel engines. A new Superpoise range (QX-series, although QX had also been used on some earlier Superpoises) with payloads of between two and five tons was introduced in 1955.
Commer produced buses and is recorded as delivering four to Widnes in 1909. The Commando was released after the Second World War, and the Avenger on 28 February 1948, fitted with the TS3 engine from 1954. The Commando was used as a Crew Bus by the Royal Air Force following the Second World War with a 1 1/2 Length Observation deck.
The Commer Light Pick-Up was a pickup truck based on the Hillman Minx saloon and produced by Commer during the 1950s; a similar Hillman-badged model was also produced. The Mark III was powered by a 1,184 cc (72.3 cu in) four-cylinder engine, the Mark VI by a 1,265 cc (77.2 cu in) unit and the Mark VIII by a 1,390 cc (85 cu in) engine. Production ended in about 1958.Australian production circa 1950 included a coupé utility variant with an additional side window.
The Commer Express Delivery Van was a light commercial vehicle produced by Commer during the 1950s, competing in the 8–10 long cwt (410–510 kg) van range. It was based on the Hillman Minx saloon and evolved in parallel with that model, with designations ranging from Mark III to Mark VIIIB. The 1957 model, which featured a load space of 100 cu ft (2.8 m3) and a payload of approximately 9 cwt, was powered by a 1390 cc four-cylinder Hillman engine and was fitted with a four-speed column-change gearbox.
The Commer Cob is a 7 cwt delivery van introduced in early 1956 based on the Hillman Husky, itself a derivative of the Hillman Minx Mark VIII. In 1958 new Cob and Husky models were introduced, based on the "Audax" Hillman Minx.
The Commer Imp Van was introduced in September 1965  and was based on the Hillman Imp saloon. It was renamed as the Hillman Imp Van in October 1968, with total production reaching 18,194 units prior to it being phased out in July 1970. The last generation of the Hillman Husky estate car, which was introduced in July 1967, was based on the Imp Van and used the same sheetmetal ahead of the B-pillar.
The Commer Walk-Thru was introduced in 1961 as a replacement for the Commer BF. The Walk-Thru was offered in 1½ ton, 2 ton and 3-ton van and cab-chassis variants with a choice of diesel or petrol engines. This van was also built in Spain by Santana Motor, beginning in 1964.
The Commer FC was introduced in 1960 with many body styles, including a 1,500 cc (92 cu in) van. After engine and interior upgrades it was renamed the PB in 1967 and the SpaceVan in 1974. As noted above, it would be sold as a Dodge and Fargo model until 1976, when both Commer and Fargo names were dropped. These were rounded-front forward-control vans with narrow front track—a legacy of their Humber car-derived suspension. Utilising at first the Hillman-derived 1,500 cc (92 cu in) 4-cylinder engine in the PA series, then the larger 1,600 cc (98 cu in), and from 1968 onwards the 1,725 cc (105.3 cu in) unit in the PB, only the cast-iron-head version of this engine were used. A Perkins 4108 diesel was also available.
Reportedly, one condition of the government bailout of Chrysler's British operations in 1976 was a commitment to upgrade the Spacevan, which was praised for its brakes, cornering, and price, but criticized for its power, comforts, and top speed. A revised Spacevan was thus introduced in 1977, using the same mechanicals but with numerous cosmetic changes, conveniences, and a new interior. Although outdated by its demise in 1982, by which time Commer had been taken over by Peugeot, the Spacevan remained a familiar sight in the UK thanks to its role with Post Office Telephones—which was almost solely responsible for it remaining in production for so long and these vans and outstanding orders were inherited by British Telecom on its formation in October 1981. By this time, there were three engines: two 1.7-litre petrol engines of 37 kW (with low compression) and 42 kW (with high compression), and a small diesel engine (31 kW), with a four-speed manual transmission and no automatic available. The last Spacevan was built in 1983.
Commer made a range of military vehicles for use during the Second World War, with the range still in use in the 1980s. While serving in the army, British humourist Frank Muir reported a broken-down vehicle over his radio with the words "The Commer has come to a full stop."
Commer designed and manufactured its own diesel engines for its heavy commercial vehicles and buses.  They were low-profile units designed to be deployed under the floor of the cab.
The TS3 engine was a two-stroke diesel unit with three cylinders each containing a pair of pistons arranged with the combustion chamber formed between the crown of the piston pair and the cylinder walls. It was designed specifically for the Commer range of trucks. The TS3 and derivative TS4 were unique in using rockers to deliver power to the single crankshaft.
The TS4 engine ran 1.2 million miles as a pre-production prototype. It was a 4-cylinder version of the TS3.
The Scottish motor racing team Ecurie Ecosse, used a Commer-based double-deck transporter during the 1950s.
Commer acquired the Karrier company in 1934 and Karrier joined the Rootes Group.  Special products in their catalogue included their Cob tractor, their "mechanical horse" originated by Karrier in 1930, and municipal motor appliances: refuse collectors, sweepers and trolley buses. The Cob had been supplied to the Southern, LNE and LM&S railway companies and repeat orders were in hand at the time Karrier was bought.In the early 1960s production moved to Dunstable where Commer, Dodge (UK) and Karrier were all brought together.
Lesney Products "Matchbox" Series; No. 47b, (production 1963 to 1969), Commer BF "Ice Cream Canteen", Lyons Maid livery, approximately 00 scale.
Lesney Products "Matchbox" Series; No. 62b, (production 1963 to 1969), Commer BF "TV Service Van", 'Rentaset' livery, approximately 00 scale.
Meccano Dinky Toys; No. 430 (production 1954–64), Commer Breakdown Vehicle (Superpoise), approximately O scale (1:44).
Corgi produced several models based on Commer vehicles between 1956 and 1971, including liveried delivery vans, dropside lorries and a mobile camera van (with accessories) in approximately O scale (1:44).
The Songshan Cultural and Creative Park (SSCC; Chinese: 松山文創園區; pinyin: Sōngshān Wénchuàng Yuánqū) is a multifunctional park in Xinyi District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The park was initially constructed in 1937 as a tobacco factory under the name Matsuyama Tobacco Plant of the Monopoly Bureau of the Taiwan Governor's Office (臺灣總督府專賣局松山菸草工場) under the Japanese government. After Japan ceded Taiwan in 1945, the Taiwan Provincial Monopoly Bureau took over the factory and renamed it as the Songshan Tobacco Plant of the Taiwan Provincial Monopoly Bureau. In 1947, the plant was renamed again as Songshan Tobacco Plant of the Taiwan Tobacco and Wine Bureau.The factory ceased to produce cigarettes in 1998 for concern over urban planning, tobacco and liquor marketing regulatory changes and the decline in tobacco demand.
In 2001, the Taipei City Government designed the defunct tobacco factory as Taipei's 99th historic site and converted it into a park comprising city-designated historic sites, historical structures and architectural highlights. Together with Taipei Dome, the site is known as Taipei Cultural and Sporting Complex.
For more efficient reuse of space, in 2011 the former factory was turned into a creative park by its current name to provide venues for diverse cultural and creative exhibitions and performances.
There are five warehouses, from number 1 until 5. The workers manufactured cigarettes on the second floor of the plant. After packaging the rolled cigarettes, the boxes were sent directly to warehouse no. 2 using conveyor channel, through the turntable, directed to the platforms for delivery, hence reducing manual labor.
The inspection room served as the place for employees and officers had to pass through when reporting for or getting off work. It had stationed guards on duty.
The Taiwan Design Museum building used to house the office for supervisors and officers of the tobacco plant. The office had also conference rooms and rest areas for guests. Ordinary plant employees were not allowed to access the building.
The tobacco factory consists of three segments, which are North, South and East. The building has characteristics of long open hallways with no dividing walls. The first floor mainly comprises columns to support the weight of the machines on the second floor.
Enclosed by the tobacco factory three sections, the garden has a fountain that is surrounded by sculptures of naked women emerging from their baths.
The building which now houses the TMSK restaurant used to be the machine repair plant building. The machine repair plant was exclusively responsible for the reparation and maintenance of the tobacco producing machines.
The boiler room acted as the power source for the tobacco plant. Coal was burnt here to provide power for the plant. The chimneys were used to expel the smoke generated.
There used to be 1,200 employees working at the plant at the same time. The tobacco plant had an industrial village concept, in which it included facilities such as cafeterias, shower facilities, dormitories, hospital, food mall, dining rooms, entertainment rooms and nursery. The nursery room served as a place for the infants of the employees to rest and play.
For fire extinguishing, ventilation and hydrosphere purposes, a large lotus pond was installed. It is now revamped as an ecology pond where children can enjoy the sounds of frogs and insects and experience the beauty of ecology.
The Taiwan Design Center (TDC; Chinese: 台灣創意設計中心) is a national design center established to promote the development of the cultural and creative industry in which it acts as the integrated platform to promote creative design. It was established in 2003 and become officially operational in 2004.
The main mission of TDC is to upgrade original creativity of Taiwanese designers, promote international design exchange, upgrade market competitiveness of Taiwanese industries, help enterprises build up their own brand, raise value-added of such industries and tell the world that the era of Designed in Taiwan has come.
The park is accessible within walking distance northeast from Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station or North West from Taipei City Hall Station of the Taipei Metro.
Milunka Savić CMG (Serbian Cyrillic: Милунка Савић; 28 June 1888/10 August 1888 – 5 October 1973) was a Serbian war heroine who fought in the Balkan Wars and in World War I. According to a Serbian source, she may be the most-decorated female combatant in the entire history of warfare.
Savić was born in 1888, in the village of Koprivnica, near Raška, in Serbia. In 1913, her brother received call-up papers for mobilization for the Second Balkan War. She chose to go in his place—cutting her hair and donning men's clothes and joining the Serbian army. She quickly saw combat and received her first medal and was promoted to corporal in the Battle of Bregalnica. Engaged in battle, she sustained wounds and it was only then, when recovering from her injuries in hospital, that her true gender was revealed, much to the surprise of the attending physicians.Mental Floss described the repercussions:
"Savic was called before her commanding officer. They didn't want to punish her, because she had proven a valuable and highly competent soldier. The military deployment that had resulted in her gender being revealed had been her tenth. But neither was it suitable for a young woman to be in combat. She was offered a transfer to the Nursing division. Savic stood at attention and insisted she only wanted to fight for her country as a combatant. The officer said he'd think it over and give her his answer the next day. Still standing at attention, Savic responded, "I will wait."  It is said he only made her stand an hour before agreeing to send her back to the infantry."In 1914, in the early days of World War I, Savić was awarded her first Karađorđe Star with Swords after the Battle of Kolubara. She received her second Karađorđe Star (with Swords) after the Battle of the Crna Bend in 1916 when she captured 23 Bulgarian soldiers single-handedly.
She was awarded the French Légion d’Honneur (Legion of Honour) twice, Russian Cross of St. George, British medal of the Most Distinguished Order of St Michael, Serbian Miloš Obilić medal.  She was the sole female recipient of the French Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 with the gold palm attribute for service in World War I.
She was demobilised in 1919, and turned down an offer to move to France, where she was eligible to collect a comfortable French army pension. Instead, she chose to live in Belgrade and found work as a postal worker. In 1923, she married Veljko Gligorijević, whom she met in Mostar, and divorced immediately after the birth of their daughter Milena.  She also adopted three other daughters. In the interwar period, Milunka was largely forgotten by the general public. She worked several menial jobs up to 1927, after which she had steady employment as a cleaning lady in the State Mortgage Bank. Eight years later, she was promoted to cleaning the offices of the general manager.During the German occupation of Serbia in World War II, Milunka refused to attend a banquet organised by Milan Nedić, which was to be attended by German generals and officers. She was arrested and taken to Banjica concentration camp, where she was imprisoned for ten months.
After the advent of socialism in 1945, she was given a state pension, and continued to live in her house in Belgrade's Voždovac neighborhood.  By the late 1950s her daughter was hospitalized, and she was living in a crumbling house in Voždovac with her three adopted children: Milka, a forgotten child from the railway station in Stalac; Radmila-Višnja; and Zorka, a fatherless girl from Dalmatia.  Later, when she attended the jubilee celebrations wearing her military medals, other military officers spoke with her and heard of her courageous actions. News spread and at last she gained recognition. In 1972, public pressure and a newspaper article highlighting her difficult housing and financial situation led to her being given a small apartment by the Belgrade City Assembly.She died in Belgrade on October 5 1973, aged 81, and was buried in Novo groblje. A street in Belgrade is named after her.
Видоје Д Голубовић; Предраг Павловић; Новица Пешић (2013). Добровољка Милунка Савић: српска хероина. Udruženje Ratnih Dobrovoljaca 1912 - 1918, Njihovih Potomaka i Poštovalaca. ISBN 978-86-84083-17-5.
Around the Boree Log is a 1925 Australian silent film adapted from the poems of "John O'Brien" (Patrick Joseph Hartigan). It tells stories of a priest's life around the 1870s in the Goulburn area.Unlike many Australian silent films, a copy of it survives today.
A priest reads from the book of poems by John O'Brien and recalls his earlier life in the country. He remembers travelling hawkers, his first school, a bishop inspection, childhood romance, and the marriage of a girl to another man.
The movie was shot on location in the New South Wales bush, mostly at the Wollondilly River area near Goulburn, in early 1925. The director had previously worked as an assistant on While the Billy Boils (1921) and would direct The Birth of White Australia (1928). He also tried to make a film of the novel Love Blind but was unable to raise finance.Most of the cast were anonymous people who lived in the area.
The film met with resistance from distributors who felt it was Roman Catholic propaganda. It was also criticised for having little plot and consisting mostly of a travelogue of scenery and incidents in the country.However it did screen throughout Australia.
In computer programming and software engineering, the ninety-ninety rule is a humorous aphorism that states:
The first 90 percent of the code accounts for the first 90 percent of the development time. The remaining 10 percent of the code accounts for the other 90 percent of the development time.
This adds up to 180%, making a wry allusion to the notoriety of software development projects significantly over-running their schedules (see software development effort estimation). The anecdote expresses both the rough allocation of time to easy and hard portions of a programming undertaking, and the cause of the lateness of many projects in their failure to anticipate their difficult, often unpredictable, complexities. In short, it often takes both more time and more coding than expected to complete a project.
The rule is attributed to Tom Cargill of Bell Labs, and was made popular by Jon Bentley's September 1985 "Programming Pearls" column in Communications of the ACM, in which it was titled the "Rule of Credibility".In some agile software projects, this rule also surfaces when a task is portrayed as "relatively done". This indicates a common scenario where planned work is completed but cannot be signed off, pending a single final activity which may not occur for a substantial amount of time.
The 2016–17 Stanford Cardinal men's basketball team represented Stanford University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Cardinal were led by first-year head coach Jerod Haase. They played their home games at Maples Pavilion as members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 14–17, 6–12 in Pac-12 play to finish in a tie for ninth place. They lost in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament to Arizona State.
The Cardinal finished the 2015–16 season 15–15, 8–10 in Pac-12 play to finish in ninth place. They lost in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament to Washington. Stanford failed to receive an invite to the NCAA Tournament and declined to participate in any other postseason tournament, marking the first time since 2011 that they would not participate in a postseason tournament.On March 14, 2016, head coach Johnny Dawkins was fired after eight seasons. On March 25, the school hired Jerod Haase as head coach.
A New Hallelujah is a live album by Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith. Released in October 2008, this is Smith's third album of worship music, and his fourth live album. A New Hallelujah was recorded on June 20, 2008 at Lakewood Church in Houston, Texas. A DVD version of the album was released in March 2009.
A New Hallelujah won two Dove Awards at the 40th GMA Dove Awards, for Best Inspirational Recorded Song and Best Praise & Worship Album.
Maria Seton (nee Sdrolias) is an Australian geologist in the Faculty of Science EarthByte Group School of Geosciences at the University of Sydney. Maria's research is in the field of geophysics and geodynamics. Her main focus is the link between plate tectonic and mantle processes. Maria also works on kinematic controls on subduction and back-arc basin formation and the relationship between tectonics and palaeo-climate
Maria has recently updated the palaeo subduction and back-arc basin parameters. This important data was visualised in a new grid map available online. One of the main achievements of this work is the correlation made between the age of the subducting oceanic lithosphere and the intermediate dip of the slab. 
Related to the subduction survey, back-arc-basins were studied, and their occurrence was correlated to the age of subducting oceanic lithosphere.
Maria had surveyed the SW Pacific Ocean and collected important new bathymetry, gravity and magnetic data from the FAUST2 cruise she had participated in. She published the results concerning the spreading history in the inactive back-arc basins in The Australian Plate GSA Special Volume.
Maria is involved a collaborative work on the creation of the new agegrid as well as palaeo-agegrids. Another collaborative work she is involved with is the modelling the palaeoenvirnoment and palaeoclimate of the Southern Ocean during the past 40 million years.
In one of her research cruises through the south pacific, Maria realised that an island charted in Google Earth and scientific maps in fact does not exist. A close investigation exposed a mistake that was made by sailors in the 19th century, erroneously said to be discovered in present days by Dr. Seton and colleagues. Sandy Island was removed from the official French hydrographic charts by the French Hydrographic Service in 1974 after a flying recognition campaign and by AHS in 1985. The information about the status of the phantom island was passed on to other national hydrographic services around the world, but Sandy Island remained in global coastline and bathymetry compilations used by the scientific community and was still there when the R/V Southern Surveyor sailed toward the Coral Sea in October 2012.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Whittaker, J., Wessel, P., Müller, R., DeMets, C., Merkouriev, S., Cande, S., Gaina, C., Eagles, G., Granot, R., et al. (2014). Community infrastructure and repository for marine magnetic identifications. G3: Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems: an electronic journal of the earth sciences, 15, 1629–1641.
Gallagher, S., Exon, N., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Ikehara, M., Hollis, C., Arculus, R., D'Hondt, S., Foster, C., Gurnis, M., Kennett, J., et al. (2014). Exploring new drilling prospects in the southwest Pacific. Scientific Drilling, 2(17), 1–6.
Butterworth, N., Talsma, A., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Bunge, H., Schuberth, B., Shephard, G., Heine, C. (2014). Geological, tomographic, kinematic and geodynamic constraints on the dynamics of sinking slabs. Journal of Geodynamics, 73, 1–13.
Zahirovic, S., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Müller, R. (2014). The Cretaceous and Cenozoic tectonic evolution of Southeast Asia. Solid Earth, 56, 227–273.
Flament, N., Gurnis, M., Williams, S., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Skogseid, J., Heine, C., Müller, R. (2014). Topographic asymmetry of the South Atlantic from global models of mantle flow and lithospheric stretching. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, 387, 107–119.
Coltice, N., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Rolf, T., Müller, R., Tackley, P. (2013). Convergence in tectonic reconstructions and mantle convection models for significant fluctuations in seafloor spreading. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, 383, 92–100.
Bower, D., Gurnis, M., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2013). Lower Mantle Structure from paleogeographically constrained dynamic Earth models. G3: Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems: an electronic journal of the earth sciences, 14(1), 44–63.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Williams, S., Zahirovic, S., Micklethwaite, S. (2013). Obituary: Sandy Island (1876–2012). EOS, 94(15), 141–142.
Morra, G., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Quevedo, L., Müller, R. (2013). Organization of the tectonic plates in the last 200 Myr. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, 373, 93–101.
Müller, R., Dutkiewicz, A., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Gaina, C. (2013). Seawater chemistry driven by supercontinent assembly, break-up, and dispersal. Geology (Boulder), 41(8), 907–910.
Shephard, G., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2013). The tectonic evolution of the Arctic since Pangea break-up: Integrating constraints from surface geology and geophysics with mantle structure. Earth-Science Reviews, 124, 148–183.
Wright, N., Zahirovic, S., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2013). Towards community-driven paleogeographic reconstructions: integrating open-access paleogeographic and paleobiology data with plate tectonics. Biogeosciences, 10(3), 1529–1541.
Matthews, K., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Müller, R. (2012). A global-scale plate reorganisation event at 105–100 Ma. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, 355–356, 283–298.
Greenwood, D., Herold, N., Huber, M., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2012). Early to middle Miocene monsoon climate in Australia. Geology (Boulder), 40(6), e274-e274.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Müller, R., Zahirovic, S., Gaina, C., Torsvik, T., Shephard, G., Talsma, A., Gurnis, M., Turner, M., Maus, S., et al. (2012). Global continental and ocean basin reconstructions since 200 Ma. Earth-Science Reviews, 113(3–4), 212–270.
Zahirovic, S., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Flament, N., Gurnis, M., Whittaker, J. (2012). Insights on the kinematics of the India-Eurasia collision from global geodynamic models. G3: Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems: an electronic journal of the earth sciences, 13(4).
Herold, N., Huber, M., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2012). Modeling the Miocene climatic optimum: Ocean Circulation. Paleoceanography, 27(1), 1–22.
Gurnis, M., Turner, M., Zahirovic, S., DiCaprio, L., Spasojevic, S., Müller, R., Boyden, J., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Manea, V., Bower, D. (2012). Plate Tectonic Reconstructions with Continuously Closing Plates. Computers and Geosciences, 38(1), 35–42.
Chandler, M., Wessel, P., Taylor, B., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Kim, S., Hyeong, K. (2012). Reconstructing Ontong Java Nui: Implications for Pacific absolute plate motion, hotspot drift and true polar wander. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, 331–332, 140–151.
Herold, N., Huber, M., Greenwood, D., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2011). Early to middle Miocene monsoon climate in Australia. Geology (Boulder), 39(1), 3–6.
Goes, S., Capitanio, F., Morra, G., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Giardini, D. (2011). Signatures of downgoing plate-buoyancy driven subduction in Cenozoic plate motions. Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors, 184(1–2), 1–13.
Herold, N., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2010). Comparing early to middle Miocene terrestrial climate simulations with geological data. Geosphere, 6(6), 952–961.
Liu, L., Gurnis, M., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Saleeby, J., Müller, R., Jackson, J. (2010). The role of oceanic plateau subduction in the Laramide orogeny. Nature Geoscience, 3(5), 353–357.
Tong, J., You, Y., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2009). Climate model sensitivity to atmospheric CO2 concentrations for the middle Miocene. Global and Planetary Change, 67(3–4), 129–140.
Herold, N., You, Y., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M. (2009). Climate model sensitivity to changes in Miocene paleotopography. Australian Journal of Earth Sciences, 56(8), 1049–1059.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Gaina, C., Müller, R., Heine, C. (2009). Mid-Cretaceous seafloor spreading pulse: Fact or fiction? Geology (Boulder), 37(8), 687–690.
Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Gaina, C., Roest, W. (2008). Age, spreading rates, and spreading asymmetry of the world's ocean crust. G3: Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems: an electronic journal of the earth sciences, 9(4), 1–19.
Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Gaina, C., Steinberger, B., Heine, C. (2008). Long-Term Sea-Level Fluctuations Driven by Ocean Basin Dynamics. Science, 319(5868), 1357–1362.
Herold, N., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Müller, R., You, Y., Huber, M. (2008). Middle Miocene tectonic boundary conditions for use in climate models. G3: Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems: an electronic journal of the earth sciences, 9(10), Q10009-1-Q10009-10.
Whittaker, J., Müller, R., Leitchenkov, G., Stagg, H., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Gaina, C., Goncharov, A. (2008). Response to comment on "Major Australian-antarctic plate reorganization at Hawaiian-emperor bend time". Science, 321(5888), 490.
Whittaker, J., Müller, R., Leitchenkov, G., Stagg, H., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Gaina, C., Goncharov, A. (2007). Major Australian-Antarctic plate reorganisation at Hawaiian-Emperor bend time [Report]. Science, 318(5847), 83–86.
Whittaker, J., Müller, R., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Heine, C. (2007). Sunda-Java trench kinematics, slab window formation and over-riding plate deformation since the Cretaceous. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, 255(3–4), 445–457.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Müller, R. (2006). Controls on back-arc basin formation. G3: Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems: an electronic journal of the earth sciences, 7(4), 1–40.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Roest, W., Müller, R. (2004). An Expression Of Philippine Plate Rotation: The Parece *Vela And Shikoku Basins. Tectonophysics, 394, 69–86.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Müller, R., Mauffret, A., Bernardel, G. (2004). Enigmatic Formation Of The Norfolk *Basin, Sw Pacific: A Plume Influence On Back-Arc Extension. G3: Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems: an electronic journal of the earth sciences, 5(6), 1–28. [More Information]
Hall, C., Gurnis, M., Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Lavier, L., Müller, R. (2003). Castastrophic initiation of subduction following forced convergence across fracture zones. Earth and Planetary Science Letters, 212, 15–30.
Seton (née Sdrolias), M., Müller, R., Gaina, C. (2003). Tectonic evolution of the southwest Pacific using constraints from backarc basins. Geological Society of Australia Special Publication, 22, 343–359.
Mongol literature has been greatly influenced by its nomadic oral traditions. The "three peaks" of Mongol literature, The Secret History of the Mongols, Geser and Jangar, all reflect the age-long tradition of heroic epics on the Eurasian Steppes. Mongol literature has also been a reflection of the society of the given time, its level of political, economic and social development as well as leading intellectual trends.
The ancestors of the Mongolic peoples are the Bronze-Iron Age Donghu (630 BC-209 BC) mentioned in the Shiji of Sima Qian as bordering north of the State of Yan. Their culture was basically nomadic and thus could have included the regular singing of heroic epics to the accompaniment of early forms of Xiqin and dombra. This could have been part of a larger oral tradition that included myths, wisdom sayings and uliger not much different from present Mongol ones. The Xianbei (209 BC- 4th century AD), descendants of the Donghu, were said to have had a runic-like script for writing on strips of wood. A 3rd century AD Xianbei song called the "Song of the Xianbei Brother (A-kan)" has been preserved in Chinese translation.  Many Mongolic words from the Toba/Tabgach era (386-534) have come down to us in Chinese transcription, such as ho-lan (many), wu-lien (cloud), e-zhen (owner), a-kan (brother), shi-lou (mountain), chi-na (wolf), ko-po-chen (to hedge), to-po-chen (sole of foot) and ta-wu-sun (dust). However, these are all fragmentary and no substantial written materials from the Xianbei Tabgach have been discovered yet that would deserve the name "literature".
The Khitan of the Liao Dynasty (907-1125) had two scripts, the Large and Small scripts invented in the 920s. Compared to the other Xianbei Mongolic peoples they have left a relatively more substantial amount of written material, including lengthy inscriptions found on rocks and in tombs, that are currently being deciphered and researched. It is thought that the Old Uyghur alphabet, derived from Syriac, was still used by Nestorians and Buddhists within the major tribes of Mongolia until the time of Genghis Khan although no work has survived.
This period starts with the adoption in 1204 of the Uyghur-based Mongolian script as the official script of Genghis Khan's emerging Mongol Empire. The Mongol works that survive from this period reflect the prosperity and diversity of the global empire linked together by an efficient communications system. Yet they represent only a fraction of what would have existed then, since the majority of the works from this period has either not been found or has been destroyed amid the convulsions following the fall of the empire. Examples of lost works include the "Altan Debter", "Ikh Tovchoo" and "Great Yassa".  
Significant works and writings in Mongol language from this period include: the Stele of Yisüngge (~1225-70), The Secret History of the Mongols (1228), a decree of Ögedei Khan (1240), parchment writings of the Golden Horde (1240s), text of Güyük Khan's Seal marked on a letter to the Pope (1246), the stele of Möngke Khan (1257), letters from Arghun to Philip IV of France (1289) and Pope Nicholas IV (1290) and from Oljaitu to Philip IV (1305), the Praise of Mahakala (1305), a commentary on the Bodhicaryavatara by Choiji-Odser (1312), the Banzragch sutra (early 14th century), Subashid sutra (1290s), poem of Muhammad al-Samarqandi (1290s), Alexander Romance (13th-early 14th century), Achlalt Nom or Classic of Filial Piety (1307), New Testament and Psalms translated by Giovanni da Montecorvino (1310s, now lost), the Golden Light Sutra in mongolian (1330s), a book on sacrifice to the Big Dipper(1330s), buddhist dedicatory inscription at Tsavchaal Boomt (1345), the edicts of the Yuan Emperors from Kublai Khan to Toghontemur (1279-1368), Stone inscriptions at Karakorum (early 14th century), Writings unearthed at Turfan (early 14th century), and Square script inscriptions (1279-1368).
The legal writings of Mongolia in the form of edicts, decrees and laws are generally written in a special type of formulaic language. They might be termed legal literature.
The Secret History of the Mongols, originally written in the Mongol script, is considered the foundational classic of Mongol literature. In addition to its prose sections, the Secret History contains many sections of poetry. "The Wisdom of Genghis", "The Defeat of the 300 Taijuud by Genghis Khan" and "The Wise Debate of the Orphan Boy with the Nine Generals of Genghis" are considered works of the 14th century that were later copied into historical chronicles of the 17th century.
The Parchment writings of the Golden Horde contain poems expressing the longings of a mother and her far-away son (a soldier) for each other. It is a unique remnant of literature of the common people.
Translation work was most productive during the Yuan dynasty. Choiji Odser produced many excellent translations and commentaries in Mongol of various major Buddhist sutras including the Bodhicaryavatar, the Banzragch sutra and the Twelve Deeds of the Buddha. He also composed poetry like the Praise of Mahakala as well as the work on Mongol grammar called Zurkhen tolit. Other prominent lamas of the Yuan dynasty also translated works like the Subashid and the Altangerel sutra (translated by Sharavsenge). The Classic of Filial Piety (Xiao Jing) was translated as well as the New Testament and Psalms.
The short four-line Poem of Muhammad al-Samarqandi about wisdom ("Bilig nigen dalai buyu, Gokhar tendeche gharayu, Bilig-un yoson-i, Bilig-tu kumun medeyu") and the Mongol fragments of the Alexander Romance are reflective of Mongol contact with the Muslim West. In the mid-13th century a Persian scholar called Iftikhar-eddin Muhammed translated the stories of Kalila and Dimna (of the Panchatantra) from Persian into Mongol.
After the fall of the Yuan dynasty the punitive expeditions of the Ming put a definitive end to the imperial era in Mongolia, which entered into a Dark Age lasting two centuries until the "Third Introduction of Buddhism" in 1576. No significant Mongol work survives from this period, as of present. It is however known that the Mongol script was still taught to children in gers and that some of the Mongol manuscripts found at Olon-sume date back to this period. During this period the relatively advanced political, economic and social structures of the Mongol Empire had collapsed. Karakorum was razed to the ground in 1380 and Mongolia was reduced to a state not much different, if not worse, than that of the 12th century when it was a nomadic version of the European Dark Ages. Within Ming territory, however, works in Mongol were printed, including the Huáyí yìyǔ dictionary (1389), the Chinese transcription of The Secret History of the Mongols (1386) and a tantric manual in Chinese, Tibetan, Mongol and Sanskrit (1502).
After Dayan Khan (1464-1517?/1543?) restored political unity and reestablished the Genghisid line as supreme in Mongolia, the Third (and more thorough) Introduction of Buddhism beginning in 1576 led to further consolidation of unity among the formerly shamanic Mongol tribes. This, and the weakening of the Ming in the late 16th century, allowed the Mongols to enter a period of cultural Renaissance where in numerous works of literature of many genres were created, including numerous fictional, historical, linguistic, legal and medical works. The Mongolian Renaissance continued under the Qing dynasty (1691-1911) and the rule of Bogd Khan (1911-1921). Despite the vast Communist persecutions of the 1930s with the destruction of most monasteries, a great many of these works have survived. The literary Mongolian language that developed during this period is today called Classical Mongol language, while that of the Imperial era and Dark Ages is called pre-Classical Mongol language.
The Kanjur and Tanjur, the translation of which started in the Imperial era, were completed in the Renaissance era. A complete Mongol collection called the Golden Kanjur (1628-1629) was published during the reign of Ligdan Khan in 113 volumes. Later, this version was edited and reprinted in 1718-1720. The Tanjur was finally completed in 1741–1749 and printed in 225 volumes. The oldest written version of the immense epic Geser, the Mongol version decreed by the Kangxi Emperor, was printed in Beijing in 1716. The Story of Endurel Khan was published in 1666 and is a prominent work of fiction. Tsogt Taiji composed his popular poem in 1621 which was later written on a rock surface in 1624. This poem, which still exists, contains reflections about the basic unity in nature and human love.
In the 19th century, there was a trend of critical thinking with Injanashi and Danzanravjaa satirizing the worldly pursuits of the Buddhist clergy as well as the excesses of the nobility. Important novels in Chinese literature were translated into Mongolian, widely read, and influenced the work of Chinese-Mongol authors like Injanashi. The originals included Dream of the Red Chamber, Jin Ping Mei, Journey to the West, and Romance of the Three Kingdoms. Prince Tokhtokhtor produced a book on practical advice concerning management of the traditional economy. Jimbadorji produced the Bolor Toli, an encyclopaedia concerning detailed geographical information and observations about different countries, in 1833.
In 1921 the establishment of the Provisional Government of Sükhbaatar led to a radical change in Mongol society as the country abruptly entered the modern, industrial world. The close alignment with the Soviet Union meant that socialist realism would be the dominant literary style for the following decades. Important pioneers of modern Mongol literature were D. Natsagdorj (1906-1937), S. Buyannemekh, and Ts. Damdinsüren. Successful writers from the post-war period include S. Erdene, Ch. Lodoidamba, and S. Udval. Literary topics were often taken from countryside life, from the times of Mongolia's struggle for independence and the communist revolution, or from the Second World War. Many of B. Rinchen's works deal with Mongolia's older history. One of the most popular poets of the time was dissident poet R.Choinom who served a sentence for his works.
Perestroika and democratic processes of the late 1980s stimulated Mongol writers to seek new forms of expression breaking the pillory of "Socialist realism". Distinctive representatives of the post-Soviet epoch were B. Lhagvasuren, G. Badamsambu, B. Galsansukh, Ochirbatyn Dashbalbar, D. Urianhai, Sh. Gurbazar, Galsan Tschinag, Ts. Khulan and others.
This is an excerpt from Kh.Chilaajav's poem Aavdaa bi hairtai (I love my father) written in Sep 1990. It was adapted to a 1999 song of the same name by the rock band Hurd. The form and meter of this poem is typically Mongolian.
Mongolian texts – Digitales Turfan-Archiv, the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities
John Paul Clarkin was born on 5 June 1978 in New Zealand. He is the eldest son of Chele and Paul Clarkin. His brother, Matthew Clarkin, is a professional rugby player.
In 2003 John-Paul won the prestigious Veuve Clicquot Gold Cup, held in Cowdray, Midhurst and in 2008 the Cartier Polo World Cup on Snow in St. Moritz, Switzerland. He is currently the highest ranked New Zealand polo player on 8-goals.
In 2007, on the Cadenza team, together with Tony Pidgley, Tomas Fernandez Llorente and Nicolas Espain, he won the Prince of Wales Trophy. In 2010, on the Emlor team, he won it again with Spencer McCarthy, Ignacio Gonzalez and Joaquin Pittaluga.He spends the major part of each year overseas playing polo in Australia, England, Argentina and South Africa as well as New Zealand.
On 2 September 2006, he married Nina Vestey, a niece of the Samuel Vestey, 3rd Baron Vestey, Master of the Horse.
Lorna Allison Drummond,  (born 19 December 1967) is a lawyer, and the Justice of Appeal in the Court of Appeal in the Territories of St Helena, Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha in the South Atlantic. She is a former crown counsel of Ascension Island, in which role, she advised the government on criminal and civil matters.
Drummond was called to the bar in 1998. She took silk in 2011.As crown counsel of Ascension Island in the South Atlantic, she was the only qualified lawyer on the island, working in a legal system which relies almost entirely on lay magistrates, lay advocates and lay prosecutors.On Ascension Island, Drummond organised a "Faculty of Advocates' MiniTrial", which required her to  adapt two Scots law cases with "references to local features and places on Ascension" for a case involving an assault which led to severe injury, and involved a knife and the possession of the drug ecstasy with intent to supply.In 2013, Drummond joined Axiom Advocates, primarily working in public law. In 2015, Drummond was appointed as Justice of Appeal in the Court of Appeal in the Territories of St Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, having worked in the past on both Ascension Island and St Helena as crown counsel.
The Mayor of the City of Valenzuela (Filipino: Punong Lungsod ng Lungsod ng Valenzuela), a highly urbanized city in northern Metro Manila, Philippines, is the official head and chief executive of Valenzuela. He leads on enforcing city ordinances and improving public services. The mayor has a term of office of three years, but has a maximum electoral tenure of three consecutive terms. Inaugural holder of the office was Pío Valenzuela (1869–1956), served from 1899 to 1901, whom the city received its name.
During the Spanish colonial period, the town that composed of what is now Valenzuela, called before as Polo, was ruled by a gobernadorcillo appointed through an exclusive nomination provided by the Spanish law. Later in the American period, first mayor Pío Valenzuela was appointed as its first municipal president until his resignation in 1901. Since then, municipal presidents are elected by a popular vote.
The current 1987 Constitution of the Philippines and the City Charter of 1998 defined the position, powers and responsibilities of the mayor.
The following lists incorporate all people who became members of the city council. The city council is always headed by the city's Vice Mayor.
96FM is one of three local radio stations licensed by the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland for Cork City and County in Ireland (the other two being its sister station C103 and youth music station Red FM). It broadcasts from studios at Broadcasting House, St. Patrick's Place in Cork City.96FM is operated as a dual franchise with C103 by County Media Limited which is owned by Wireless Group. The station's sound broadcasting contract (and thus its broadcasting licence) is advertised together with that of C103 and one company is required to operate the two stations, in a similar situation to that of Shannonside FM and Northern Sound Radio in the north-west of Ireland.
Founded by four former Cork Examiner journalists, with backing from a number of Cork business people, Cork's 96FM launched as "Radio South" at midday on Thursday 10 August 1989. However, that name lasted for less than a year. Radio South was the third of the newly licensed commercial stations to come on air in the country (Dublin's Capital Radio and Mayo's Mid West Radio being first and second respectively).
The first voice heard on air was the station's first Head of Programming Frank Murphy who introduced the new station in both Irish and English. This was followed by Neil Prendeville's first show, the first song played was "A New Flame" by Simply Red – a chart hit at the time. The then Lord Mayor of Cork – Councillor Chrissie Aherne, who had been flown by helicopter to the station's studio (located just to the north of the city at Whites Cross), then officially opened the station for business.
The first day's broadcasting featured several outside broadcasts from across the coverage area. Local dignitaries, were invited by the station to an event that night in Cork's Imperial Hotel which was attended by several hundred people. The attendance included the then chairman of the IRTC (now the BCI) former Supreme Court Judge Seamus Henchy.
Many of the original voices on the new station were familiar to Cork listeners; Tadgh Dolan was formerly of RTÉ's local radio service, RTÉ Radio Cork, while Neil Prendeville, Tony Magnier, Joe O'Reilly, Gerry McLoughlin, Paul Byrne, Rob Allen and others had formerly been heard on now defunct local pirate stations, such as ERI, the major pirate station in the area which closed around midnight 30 December 1988.
The initial Radio South provided a wide ranging format, and a number of special interest programmes, including an hour-long country music show at 18:00 every weeknight presented by local country music authority Roger Ryan. Joe O'Reilly presented the 'Oldies and Irish' show on Sundays, a vestige from Radio ERI.  Radio South broadcast 24 hours a day from the outset, unlike many other of the new local stations who closed overnight in their early days.
Unlike independent local stations elsewhere in the country, Radio South faced competition from the RTÉ Radio Cork opt-out, which was well regarded for its coverage of current affairs and sports, especially by older listeners. However the audience for the RTÉ service dwindled with time, as its local output was limited by Dublin, and it eventually closed in 1999.
Print media constituted major competition to local radio in Cork, with the then Cork Examiner and Evening Echo daily newspapers based in the city. There was also competition for advertising from a (now defunct) local TV service, available on the Chorus cable TV service in the city. 96FM now houses the studios of a TV studio owned by its parent company Wireless Group.
Kieran McGeary, Chief Executive, Station Manager and Programme Director of Cork's 96FM and C103 wrote an article in Radio Today in January 2013 saying that 96FM had a "very strong line-up" but that finding new younger talent was a major challenge for the whole radio industry. Yet 96FM does not promote training. Unlike Radio Kerry it does not have a training course in-house.
Mediocre listenership figures for Radio South, lead to a relaunch in July 1990 and a name change to 'Hits and Memories 96FM'. The station was now under a 'Classic Hits' format imported from Australia, similar to that of the by then successful 'Classic Hits 98FM' in Dublin. By this stage the original special interest programmes of Radio South were gone (except the 'Oldies and Irish' show on Sundays which, thanks to public support, survived the upheaval). The programme,presented since 1991 by Derry O' Callaghan, is the most listened to show on local radio in Ireland.(source:IPSOS/MRBI 2015)The new format lead to a gradual increase in listenership.
In 1991, a 'merge-over' took place between 96FM and the Mallow-based County Sound 103FM coming under a common ownership and combined JNLR figures. Some years later, the station moved premises from the rural Whites Cross (the former Radio ERI studios) to a city centre location at Patrick's Place, in a building which was formerly the location of St Finbarr's College and then Christian Brothers College. The station named its new premises 'Broadcasting House', but this building name is rarely referred to on air, except by Emmett Kennedy in the evenings.
The late 1990s led to the complete discarding of the 'Hits and Memories' moniker, and some programming changes, with night-time programmes to appeal to younger listeners (not heard in Cork since the Radio South days) being introduced. The late 1990s and early 2000s also saw the introduction of new transmitters to provide practically full coverage of the county (the original licence was for Cork city and part of the county, but this was later extended to allow the whole county to be covered, although to this day it can be difficult to receive 96FM in parts of West Cork, while C103 is available everywhere).
Consequently, in August 2015 96FM's listenership figures slid behind those of RedFM for the first time in the history of the stations.
96FM News known as "The Word on News" plays without back ground music (no bed). The sports section has a light bed.
Bulletins run for five or six minutes throughout the day, and the flagship 1 pm and 6 pm runs for ten minutes.
The focus is on Cork stories, although, the number of hours of local news was cut back in September 2013,
In October 2014 it was announced that the UTV Radio News Network would cease operation meaning that 96FM will take its evening feed from competitor Newstalk.
This placed 96FM in an unusual situation among local radio stations. It meant that 96FM's News bulletins after the hours of 7 pm in the evening are now identical to those of its supposed local competitor RedFM.
The change also meant that News created by Reporters for both 96FM and RedFM is available to the other, via the National Newstalk Network. The Broadcasting Authority of Ireland did not raise any concerns about this change, neither did the Competition Authority.
The City of Hermosa Beach, located on the coast in Los Angeles County, California, called for a Special Election regarding oil drilling which took place on 3 March 2015. All of the materials prepared for the election on behalf of the City of Hermosa Beach were available on the city's website.The ballot measure, titled Measure O, presents to the electorate for its consideration an ordinance that proposes various legislative changes that would lift the ban on oil drilling within the City, to allow an oil drilling and production project proposed by E&B Natural Resources Management Corp. to go forward at the site of the City Maintenance Yard at 555 Sixth Street, a development agreement, as well as an oil and gas pipeline franchise.
"Shall E&B Corporation’s 34 well oil and gas drilling/production project at the City’s 555 Sixth Street maintenance yard be approved by 1) amending the General Plan and Municipal Code to exempt the project from the City’s oil drilling ban and repeal the restriction on City’s use of project royalties, 2) awarding a pipeline franchise to transport oil/gas underground, 3) approving a 34 year development agreement, and 4) determining that project financial benefits outweigh its unavoidable environmental impacts?" 
In preparation for the election, the City of Hermosa Beach prepared an Environmental Impact Report (EIR) in compliance with the Environmental Quality Act, as well as a  Cost Benefit Analysis (CBA) and Health Impact Assessment (HIA), and provided an extensive community education and review process.E&B Natural Resources, the company behind the proposed Oil Drilling and Production Project, looks to access oil fields located offshore from a single onshore location using directional drilling technology. The proposed project is the result of a recently resolved legal battle between the city and the Macpherson Energy Corporation, in which Macpherson sued the city for damages over a previous plan that the city backed out of. The plan has been met with controversy, as residents are divided over the promise of an economic windfall versus potential health and environmental impacts on the community.
A complete summary of important dates surrounding cases regarding Oil Drilling in Hermosa Beach can be accessed through the following link located on the City of Hermosa Beach website: http://www.hermosabch.org/modules/showdocument.aspx?documentid=1660.
The current proposal from E&B Natural Resources to recover oil in Hermosa Beach is the result of a series of voter-approved initiatives and legal settlements stretching back to 1984. Following voter approval of two initiatives to allow for oil drilling at this site in 1984, the City Council approved an agreement and a 35-year lease with Macpherson Oil Company to recover oil from the huge oil reservoir underneath the City. In 1995, voters reversed their previous approval and Macpherson then sued the City for more than $700 million. To put that number into perspective, Hermosa Beach’s annual budget is about $30 million. After losing at trial and prior to the start of the damages trial, the City hired jury experts who conducted independent “Mock Trials” to determine the amount of damages a jury might award Macpherson. The mock jurors awarded Macpherson hundreds of millions of dollars. A copy of these mock jury decisions can be found online at the City of Hermosa Beach’s website.
A judgment of this size against Hermosa Beach would have bankrupted the City. Following the advice of the City Attorney, outside legal counsel and the jury experts, the City negotiated a settlement that included the payment of $30 million to Macpherson. At this point E&B stepped in and paid $12.5 million to Macpherson and received their rights to the project, plus E&B loaned the City their share of the settlement payment – $17.5 million.
The settlement called for E&B to submit an application to the City that would include an exhaustive Environmental Impact Report as well as other financial and community studies. Following their review, the City will submit to the voters a new proposal to allow the safe recovery of oil from the same site. You can review the City’s overview of the project’s history on the “Proposed Oil Production Project” section of the City’s website. If the voters reject the proposal, the City will be required to repay the $17.5 million loan (plus interest) it received from E&B to pay its share of the settlement. If the proposed oil recovery project is approved, E&B will forgive $14 million and allow the balance to be paid from the City’s royalties from the oil produced.
In 1992, Hermosa Beach granted an operating lease to the Macpherson Energy Company allowing them to use directional drilling to tap into underwater oil reserves off-shore from a single site located in the cities maintenance yard.  As the company was preparing for the project, the City voted in 1995 to approve Proposition E, which restored a previously held ban on drilling. Since the agreement was in place before the vote, Hermosa moved ahead with the project. In 1998, following a report by the California Coastal Commission that raised safety concerns regarding the project, City Council voted to halt the project. Citing damages in lost revenue, Macpherson sued the city.After 14 years of litigation, on March 2, 2012, the Hermosa Beach City Council entered into a settlement agreement to end the lawsuit. The SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE was made by and between MACPHERSON OIL COMPANY, a California corporation and WINDWARD ASSOCIATES, a California limited partnership (collectively “Macpherson”), E & B NATURAL RESOURCES MANAGEMENT CORPORATION, a California corporation (“E & B”), and the CITY OF HERMOSA BEACH a California municipal corporation (“City”). http://www.hermosabch.org/modules/showdocument.aspx?documentid=1662.
Pursuant to the settlement agreement, E & B Natural Resources Management Corp. paid Macpherson Oil Co. $30 million for those rights, including Macpherson Oil Co.’s existing Conditional Use Permit and an oil and gas lease. E & B Natural Resources Management Corp. also would secure payment from the city of up to $17.5 million based on the results of a future election.
At that election, which is scheduled for March 3, 2015, Hermosa Beach voters will review a ballot measure, titled Measure O, and decide whether to repeal the existing ban on oil drilling in the city limits and enter into a development agreement for E & B Natural Resources Management Corp. to complete what it describes as a “state-of-the-art” oil drilling project at the city’s maintenance yard.
If the project is turned down by the voters, Hermosa would have to pay E&B Natural Resources the full amount of the loan.
Phase 1: Site Preparation. Phase 1 looks to construct revamp the project site by constructing new buildings to house equipment
Phase 2: Oil Drilling & Testing. Phase 2 looks to conduct tests on the wells to provide an accurate picture of the potential productivity and economic viability of the project
Phase 3: Final Design & Construction. Phase 3 utilizes the information collected in Phase 2 to create a final drilling program, acquire necessary equipment, and construct production facilities.
Phase 4: Development Drilling & Operation. Phase 4 involves the bulk of oil recovery from the reservoir. In addition, sound attenuation walls will be constructed to reduce noise.Since E&B Natural Resources will be using directional drilling for this project, traditional offshore drilling platforms will not be necessary for recovery. The process of Hydraulic Fracturing, or “fracking”, will also not be used, as the oil field provides naturally occurring characteristics that make the fracking unnecessary.Berkeley Research Group Director William Hamm completed a study that estimated that the City of Hermosa would receive $519 million of total economic benefit from the project, a figure that was quickly criticized by opponents of the project as speculative and unreliable since it is based on a study paid for by E&B.
The residents of Hermosa Beach are very strongly divided on the merits of reversing its ban on oil drilling within the city limits. In the past year, the City of Hermosa Beach has held several public meetings on the project's EIR, as well as upon the health and economic impacts of the project.  Advocates against oil drilling have rallied loudly against overturning the city's ban since early last year, citing the inescapable health and environmental concerns attached to such a project. A local advocacy group, Keep Hermosa Hermosa, has actively campaigned against undoing the city's current law banning oil drilling, and has become a significant political advocacy group in the city. E&B promises a windfall in profits to the community and contends that it is able to mitigate the health, environmental, and aesthetic concerns of the community, though the EIR released in April 2014 demonstrates that not all of the community's concerns can be completely mitigated. The estimated revenue to the city is projected to be approximately $500 million or more, according to the oil company.  Some residents are concerned with the payback of the $17,500,000 loan to E&B if the project does not pass by the voters.  It may be possible that it is for this reason that some residents are in favor of the project, though the city manager of the City of Hermosa Beach has also publicly stated that a vote "no" on this proposal will not bankrupt the city, as it has sizable cash reserves and an excellent credit rating.
The financial impact on the city is a consideration for many, as one recent quote from a former city councilman suggests. “I’m truly agnostic about what voters choose to do,” said former Mayor Kit Bobko, who helped negotiated the deal with the two companies. “My primary concern in this is extracting us from this litigation, which is potentially ruinous.”
Eduard Aleksandrovich Koksharov (Russian: Эдуард Александрович Кокшаров, born November 4, 1975) is a Russian handball player and coach of the Russian national team.He played as a left winger. He retired from his national team in 2007. He came to Celje from SKIF Krasnodar in the 1999–2000 season, at the age of 23. His biggest achievements include winning the gold medal at the 1997 World Championships and winning the handball tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, both with Russia. He was also the winner of the Champions League with Celje Pivovarna Laško in the 2003/04 season.
Lori Verderame (best known as Dr. Lori) is a TV personality, author, art, collectibles, and antiques appraiser with a Ph.D. in art, antiques and architectural history from Penn State University. She resides in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Dr. Lori Verderame is the award winning antiquities expert on the History channel’s #1 rated TV show, The Curse of Oak Island which airs internationally on the History Channel. She is also the star appraiser on the American TV show Auction Kings which airs internationally on Discovery channel. On Discovery's Auction Kings, she appraised Thomas Jefferson's writing desk, Elizabeth Taylor's photographs from the film Cleopatra, a costume from Talladega Nights: The Legend of Ricky Bobby, and other antiques. She also appears as the Ph.D. Antiques Appraiser on FOX Business Network's TV show, Strange Inheritance where she discovered, authenticated, and appraised George Washington's wallet.
Dr. Lori Verderame has been featured on The Tonight Show and The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. She has appeared on Anderson Live with Anderson Cooper, Daytime, The Balancing Act on Lifetime Television, Inside Edition, ABC, CBS, NBC, and FOX. She presented the 'Trash or Treasure?' segment on CBS3 KYW TV in Philadelphia, PA for years. Since 2011, Verderame has been the art and antiques appraiser on Discovery's TV show Auction Kings. In the season 4 premiere of Auction Kings, Verderame authenticated eleven objects selected by the Gallery 63 cast for the Pick-Off episode. In season 4, Verderame appraised a writing desk owned by President Thomas Jefferson, a Moroccan saddle commissioned by the King of Morocco, Leroy Neiman prints of Joe Namath and Michael Jordan, a fire suit from the NASCAR movie Talladega Nights The Legend of Ricky Bobby. In season 3 of Auction Kings, Verderame shared appraised katara knives, Elizabeth Taylor movie memorabilia from the 1963 film Cleopatra, celebrity autographs, and Victorian chastity belts. In the season 4 finale episode of History channel's The Curse of Oak Island, Dr. Lori Verderame reviewed and provided historical perspective on treasure spoils discovered on Oak Island including a gold cross, gold plated button, and Spanish galleon spike among other items.  
 Dr. Lori produced and co-hosted the series Value This with Dr. Lori discussing how to spot valuable antiques, find bargains, and sell your stuff for top dollar.
A native of New Haven, CT, Verderame graduated from Hamden High School in Hamden, CT. She graduated from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor with a Bachelor of Arts degree in World History. She has a Master of Arts degree in Liberal Studies with an emphasis in History and Art History from Wesleyan University in Middletown, CT. She holds the Ph.D. in Art and Architectural History from the College of Arts and Architecture from the Pennsylvania State University in University Park, PA where she also taught art and architectural history on the facility on the main campus.
Verderame has held director and curator positions in American museums including the Yale University Art Gallery, the Allentown Art Museum, the Palmer Museum of Art at Penn State, and the Martin Art Gallery at Muhlenberg College. She has lectured at the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg Russia, the MFA in Boston, MA, the Uffizi Gallery in Florence Italy, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Vatican museums including the Sistine Chapel, and the Musee de Louvre in Paris France and various historic sites around the world such as Knossos, Hagia Sophia, Colosseum, Parthenon, Pantheon, Frank Lloyd Wright's Robie House, Coonley house, other Wright homes and Taliesin West, Westminster Abbey, among others. She has guided tours at Epheseus, Turkey; Olympia, Greece; Rome, Italy; among others. Dr. Lori has also taught art history at Penn State University at University Park, PA, the State University of New York (SUNY) in Cortland, NY, Albertus Magnus College in New Haven, CT, Southern Connecticut State University in Hamden, CT, Muhlenberg College in Allentown, PA, Beaver College (Arcadia University) in Glenside, PA, Wilkes University in Wilkes Barre, PA and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia, PA.As a professional fine art, antiques, and collectibles appraiser, Dr. Lori Verderame has appraised 20,000 objects per year since 1998 at more than 150 events held each year. Some of the more interesting objects that Dr. Lori has reviewed, evaluated, research, authenticated, and appraised are: Tiffany dragonfly lamp, Napoleon's good luck talisman, wedding lace worn by Empress Carlota of Mexico, Astronaut Fred Haise's moon boot mold from NASA's Apollo 13 lunar mission, Honus Wagner baseball card, Honus Wagner signed baseball, Babe Ruth signed baseball, one of Pierre Auguste Renoir's final portraits, Eugene Boudin painting and watercolor, Edgar Degas work on paper, photographs of the victims of Jack the Ripper, Ansel Adams Yosemite gelatin silver prints, George Biddle paintings, Harry James' personal trumpet, Seymour Lipton sculpture, a mobile sculpture by Alexander Calder, George Washington mourning picture, Civil War prosthetic leg, Abraham Lincoln's 1864 campaign button, numerous first edition novels, the 1899 White House cookbook, Benjamin Franklin's autograph, William Penn's land deed, the original "A" dictionary page by Noah Webster, World War II photographs of the dropping of the Atomic bomb taken from aboard the Enola Gay, Nazi military and personal effects of Adolf Hitler discovered in his Berlin bunker, lost John Singer Sargent portrait painting, photogravures from The North American Indian portfolios by Edward S. Curtis, Glenda the Good Witch’s wand prop from movie, The Wizard of Oz.
Dr. Verderame's internationally syndicated column entitled "Art & Antiques by Dr. Lori" appears in newspapers and magazines around the world. Dr. Lori also writes a column called "Value This with Dr. Lori" and hosts and produces the media show on art and antiques called "Value This with Dr. Lori" program available via youtube.com/drloriv. Her Lifetime television blogs are entitled "Antiques and Your Home" and travel blog called "Travel, Shop, Eat by Dr. Lori".
Since 1998, Verderame has presented "Dr. Lori's Antiques Appraisal Comedy Show" to audiences around the world and on cruise ships. The popular live appraisal comedy stage show is presented live and audience members bring their objects for appraisal as part of the unscripted live comedy appraisal stage show. Dr. Lori Verderame appraises each object while injecting humor and information about each antique. She presents 150 events annually in the United States. Dr. Lori Verderame has documentation that she appraises approximately 20,000 objects each year. Dr. Lori offers appraisal services, consultation advice, and authentications of art, antiques, and artifacts through her website at www.drloriv.com.
A gentleman thief, gentleman burglar, lady thief, or phantom thief (Japanese: 怪盗, Hepburn: kaitō) is a stock character in fiction. A gentleman or lady thief usually has inherited wealth and is characterised by impeccable manners, charm, courteousness, and the avoidance of physical force or intimidation to steal. As such, they steal not only to gain material wealth but also for the thrill of the act itself, which is often combined in fiction with correcting a moral wrong, selecting wealthy targets, or stealing only particular rare or challenging objects.
In fiction, the phantom thief is typically superb at stealing while maintaining a gentleman's manners and code of honour. For example, Robin Hood is a former earl or yeoman who steals from the rich to give to the poor; A. J. Raffles steals only from other gentlemen (and occasionally gives the object away to a good cause); Arsène Lupin steals from the rich who do not appreciate their art or treasures and redistributes it; Saint Tail steals back what was stolen or taken dishonestly or rights the wrongs done to the innocent by implicating the real criminals; Sly Cooper and his gang steal from other thieves and criminals.
"Salvation" is the lead single for The Cranberries third studio album To the Faithful Departed. The single had some success in the United States, where it reached number one on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart for four weeks, and reached number five in Italy, number seven in New Zealand, and number eight in Australia and the band's native Ireland. It also reached the top 20 in Walloon Belgium, Finland, France and the United Kingdom.
"Salvation" talks about drug abuse, and how one should refrain from falling into it. The directness of the song was regarded as bland and too preachy by the media and critics, but Dolores O'Riordan said that it wasn't supposed to be an anti-drug song per se, but  "kind of anti the idea of becoming totally controlled by anything, any substance at all", O'Riordan stated to Kurt Loder, adding that she knew what it was like and that "it wasn’t a nice experience and it didn’t get me anywhere. It just confused me more." She explained that the meaning behind the song was "reality [being] reality, and unfortunately, no how much you go away, you come back, and it's always here."
The music video for "Salvation" was directed in March 1996 by Olivier Dahan in France, for the company Bandits Productions. It features French comedy duo Éric and Ramzy.
The video was the last video for the band to gain heavy rotation on MTV, as later singles failed to gain traction on the network. The video featured a crazed clown (a hybrid of horror monsters Freddy Krueger, Pennywise, and Pinhead) floating around a castle and its surroundings and driving around in a car a group of young girls, implied to be in the thralls of drug addiction. The video cuts between images of Dolores O'Riordan singing the song and a pair of adults, who alternate between trying to wake a comatose daughter from her slumber, and the evil clown tying up and terrorizing the couple (who are now in latex catsuits) with the now awake daughter kissing the clown.
Note: "I Just Shot John Lennon" (Live Version) was recorded live at The Point, Dublin on 2nd June 1995 for Radio Telefis Eireann.
Senses Fail covered this song as a bonus track on their album Still Searching.Prayer for Cleansing, a vegan straight edge hardcore band, covered the song on their EP The Tragedy released in 2004.
Dylan Sizemore, an indie artist from Mt. Sterling, Kentucky, recorded and released a cover of the song on his album released 19 March 2011.
The Nisha Sharma dowry case was an anti-dowry lawsuit in India. It began in 2003 when Nisha Sharma accused her prospective groom, Munish Dalal, of demanding dowry. The case got much coverage from Indian and international media. Nisha Sharma was portrayed as a youth icon and a role model for other women. The case ended in 2012, after the court acquitted all accused. The court found that she had fabricated the dowry charges to wriggle out of the wedding.
In 2003, Nisha Sharma was a 21-year old software engineering student and a girl with a very modern mindset. Munish Dalal was a 25-year-old engineer who worked as a lecturer of computer science in a local college. In order to arrange a suitable marriage for Nisha, her parents (Dev Dutt and Hemlata) placed a matrimonial advertisement in a newspaper. This is a very common practice in India. Munish Dalal's widowed mother Vidya Devi Dalal was among those who responded to the advertisement and contact was first established between the families in this way. After meeting each other a few times and exchanging information, the families decided that Munish and Nisha were compatible and agreed that they be married. The couple were duly engaged and the wedding was scheduled to be held on 11 March 2003 in Noida, where the bride's family lived.
Nisha Sharma's father Dev Dutt Sharma was the owner of a car battery manufacturing plant in Noida, and the family was affluent. They had purchased wedding gifts for their daughter that were typical of their society: a refrigerator, a washing machine, a microwave oven and a television set. They made the usual arrangements for the wedding, both sides invited their friends and relatives, and the wedding day dawned. However, the wedding was not destined to be held.
According to Nisha and her parents, what happened was as follows. They claim that when the groom's procession reached the venue and were being welcomed, Dalal's mother demanded ₹1,200,000 (about US$25,000) more in cash and a Maruti Esteem car from the bride's father. Dev Dutt Sharma expressed his inability to meet these demands, whereupon the Dalal family began verbal abuse. When the Sharma family reacted, a scuffle broke out and Mr. Sharma was slapped by Mrs. Dalal and spat upon by Mr. Dalal's sister. Upon hearing of this, Nisha Sharma called the police.
The groom's family have an entirely different version of events, and this version was later upheld by the court. There was absolutely no dispute or talk regarding dowry. In Indian weddings, the groom mounts a white horse and goes in a ceremonial procession to the wedding venue. The horse is mounted only a short distance from the wedding venue, for obvious practical reasons, and the procession travels only a few hundred yards. When the Dalal family arrived at the place where the horse was to be mounted, there was nobody from the bride's family to welcome them. After waiting for some time, the Dalals sent a relative to the wedding venue to find out what was the reason for the delay. The relative found that there was some commotion at the wedding venue, but he was told that everything is OK and that he should go back to the horse-venue and wait for a few minutes. As he was returning, he was followed and overtaken by an agitated man who then accompanied him to the horse-venue. There, the agitated man introduced himself as Navneet Rai and made a shocking disclosure. He  informed the Dalal family that he was the husband of Nisha Sharma, and that they had been in love with each other for a long time. Just as he had finished saying this much, Nisha's father and a few other relatives arrived at the scene. The groom was one who called police when Sharma's father assaulted the groom's mother. They claimed that the wedding was disrupted by Navneet Rai, not by them. Rai had allegedly arrived at the venue with some of his friends and told the groom's mother that Nisha Sharma was already married to him. Following this Sharma's father had allegedly assaulted the groom's mother with a sandal and bit her. Sharma's father denied the allegation saying that he had a video recording to prove his statements.The procession was sent back. The groom (Munish Dalal) and several members of his family were arrested from their residence in Vikaspuri the next day and police began searching for other absconding relatives. The groom's mother, Vidya Dalal, was arrested on 15 May.Soon thereafter, Navneet Rai, a classmate of Sharma, came forward claiming to be having a relationship with her for 5 years and having married her secretly. Nisha Sharma's father said that Rai was simply maligning their name. He said that Nisha was initially interested in marry Rai, but he had opposed the marriage as Rai was unemployed and was seeking to live off their money. He also said that after rejection Rai has misbehaved with Nisha and Nisha had written a complaint to the college which resulted in the expulsion of Rai.
Following the arrest, the story got much attention from Indian and international media. The news appeared on the front-page of several newspapers. Sharma also received several marriage proposals from across the nation. Her house was visited by several media persons seeking her interview. She was also visited by women rights activists, neighbours and other well-wishers to congratulate her. A political party invited her to contest in the local election. In an interview with Ehtashamuddin Khan of Rediff, Nisha Sharma said she had no intention of joining politics, and that she wanted to continue her studies and wished her future marriage to be an arranged marriage.James Brooke writing for The New York Times, detailed how dowry is being disguised as gifts as dowry was illegal. The story was also covered by Christiane Amanpour for 60 Minutes which contained an overview of the dowry system in India, the anti-dowry laws, bride burning and female foeticide. Smriti Kak writing for The Tribune criticised the father and the bride for agreeing to the dowry initially and stopping the marriage only when the demands got too high. The incident was also captured in a Amul Butter Girl cartoon.Brinda Karat, a left-wing politician and activist, said that the parents had sent the wrong signal by agreeing to too many gifts initially. Ranjana Kumari, a women rights activist, said that she does not attend weddings because dowry is given in almost all of them, and that dowry is the cause of the female foeticide in India as parents see a girl child as an economic burden.  Jyotsna Chatterji, another women right's activist, said that this one protest had given courage to other women to come forward.
On 19 November 2003, Nisha Sharma married Ashwini Sharma, a computer engineer, in a small ceremony in Noida with only 75 guests. The marriage was set up by a common family friend and the engagement took place on September 2003. Her father only gifted her a gold necklace as the bridal gift. The marriage was scheduled to be held on the evening of 19 November. But, it was held on 3:00 am on 19 November to avoid legal hassles. Munish Dalal and Navneet Rai had approached the court to delay the marriage.
In January 2004, Nisha Sharma, her husband and her brother were invited by Oprah Winfrey to her talkshow. Oprah told her audience that they were lucky to be born in the United States, and covered the dowry issue by calling it "right out of the Dark Ages".
In 2004, when the case was still under trial, the incident was included the English textbook for Class 6, by the State Council of Educational Research and Training of the New Delhi region, in the form of a chapter titled Man in Jail over Dowry Demand. It was adopted from a newspaper article from May 2003. Munish Dalal sent a defamation notice to the State Council of Educational Research and Training.Later, Vidya Dalal, the groom's mother and a retired school teacher, said the book was being taught her in her former school and it had ruined her reputation. The family's lawyer, Roopesh Kumar Sharma, said that they were suing the Delhi government and education department. The cartoon in the book showed Munish being arrested from the marriage venue, when he was actually arrested from his home. The lawyer also said that Vidya Dalal was being denied her pension and retirement benefits.
A case was filed in the Sector 24 police station of the Noida, against Dalal, his mother Vidya Dalal and his aunt Savitri Sharma. While awaiting trial in mid-May 2003, Munish Dalal was assaulted by other inmates in Dasna jail, who him called a greedy groom. Dalal suffered some injuries as a result. Dalal's lawyer filed an appeal with the National Human Rights Commission of India. Dalal had counter-sued accusing Nisha Sharma of adultery and bigamy.On 29 February 2012, a district court in Gautam Budh Nagar district acquitted Dalal and his family due to lack of evidence supporting the charges. The court also acquitted Navneet Rai, who had been accused of forging the marriage documents by Nisha. The court held the documents circulated by Navneet Rai could not be proven to be forged by the prosecution.
In various interviews after the verdict, Munish Dalal said that the father had been aware of the Nisha's marriage to Navneet Rai, but he still published an ad in a newspaper. Nisha Sharma had married to Rai on 14 February 2003 secretly in a temple. On 11 May 2003, when the groom's procession arrived at the venue, they were turned away. While they were returning, they found a complaint had been filed against them. He also said he, his 68-year-old widowed mother and his 75-year-old aunt had to travel to court, which was 75 km away, about 320 times during the course of the trial. Nisha's family attended only 10 times. His mother, a school teacher due for retirement on 31 May 2003, lost her job and was denied her retirement benefits. He also said that he married in 2008 and taken no dowry. During the course of the trial, Dalal had become involved with the Save Indian Family Foundation. Giving the cause for the lawsuit Dalal said, "She didn’t want to marry me but was scared of her parents. By accusing me falsely, she was trying to get out of the marriage without incurring their anger."Dalal's lawyer and Navneet Rai's father said they would file for damages. Nisha's father said they would appeal against the verdict. Nisha Sharma maintained that the marriage affidavit was not signed by her.
In January 2013, a complaint was filed in Samalkha by Nisha Sharma's sister-in-law, Manisha Sharma, against her and her brother, Gyaneshwar Sharma. Manisha had married Gyaneshwar Sharma on 31 October 2013 and had a child from the marriage. Manisha's father, Vijay Sharma, claimed that they had demanded ₹1,200,000 and had beaten Manisha for that.
Mohisbathan (Mahis  Bāthān)(Bengali: মহিষবাথান) is a Mahallain in Rajshahi Division, under Rajpara Thana in Bangladesh. 
Mohisbathan is  also known as Mahis Bathan, Mahis Bāthān, Mahishbathan. West Mohisbathan, North Mohisbathan. East Mohisbathan.
It includes developing areas with improved communication, electricity, gas, water supply, sewerage and sanitation with comparatively higher population density. The majority of the population is engaged in non-agricultural professions.
The area is situated on the South-West side of the Rajpara Thana, with a single ward number of 5. It is 4Km away from the thana headquarters. 
The area has its own post office and central marketplace. Modern medical facilities are available, along with doctors in private practice. 
Cultural activities include tournaments in football, cricket and badminton, as well as observation of Bangladeshi cultural and national festivals.
The Mahalla is thickly populated, with the majority being Muslims. The rest largely consist of Hindus, with a few Christians and a small number of people of other faiths. People of various social classes live here. The literacy rate is 88.9%.
State Route 48 (SR-48) is a highway completely within Salt Lake County in northern Utah that connects Bangerter Highway with I-15 and US-89. The route is laid on portions of 7800 South, Redwood Road, and 7200 South. When the route was formed in 1927, it passed through the center of Midvale on Center Street. However, it was moved north onto 7200 South in 1965 to serve an exit of I-15.
The road begins at a single-point urban interchange on Bangerter Highway at exit 13 and heads east on 7800 South. After approximately 2 miles, the route turns north onto a concurrency with SR-68 for eight blocks before turning east onto 7000 South. The route turns southeast, crosses the Jordan River and enters Midvale. The road turns into 7200 South and straightens out to the east. A single-point urban interchange occurs with I-15 at exit 297. The highway continues east three blocks before terminating at US-89.The entire route is included as part of the National Highway System.
The state legislature added SR-48 to the state highway system in 1927, connecting Bingham with SR-1 (US-91, now US-89) at Midvale Junction. In order to serve the planned I-15 interchange at 7200 South, SR-48 was moved in 1965 to turn north off Center Street onto Holden and Main Streets in Midvale and then east on 7200 South to US-89. As the city of Bingham de-annexed land, a short extension was made at the west end to the new city limits in 1968, but this and more was abandoned in 1973 to allow the Kennecott Copper Corporation to relocate its guard station. An overlap with SR-68 in West Jordan was added in 2000, rerouting SR-48 to turn north at SR-68 and then east on 7000 South to the former alignment at Main Street in Midvale.In 2012, the construction of the Mountain View Corridor in West Jordan made the New Bingham Highway discontinuous. As a result, SR-48 was slightly realigned to follow 9000 South and 5600 West to connect segments of the New Bingham Highway.The portion of SR-48 between the Mountain View Corridor and Bangerter Highway was transferred to the city of West Jordan, splitting SR-48 into two segments. The segment of SR-48 west of the Mountain View Corridor was renumbered as an extension of SR-209. This moved the western terminus of SR-48 to Bangerter Highway.
Dolicholatirus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Snyder, M.A. (2003) Catalogue of the marine gastropod family Fasciolariidae. Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia, Special Publication, 21, iii + 1–431.
Izaly Iosifovich Zemtsovsky (Russian: Изалий Иосифович Земцовский; born February 22, 1936 in St Petersburg, Russia) is a Russian-born American ethnomusicologist. He is a Visiting Professor at Stanford University. Zemtsovsky is known in ethnomusicology for his wide range of subjects of study, including the theory of melodic formulas, rhythmic formulas, comparative research of various regions of the world, study of musical universals and the importance of musical data in ethno-genetic reconstructions.
Zemtsovsky proposed the notions of "melosphere", "Homo musicus", and proposed a new scholarly discipline, ethnogeomusicology, and a new research approach, known as "historical morphology of the folk song". Zemtsovsky has been a lifelong advocate of Russian Soviet musicologist Boris Asafiev's "intonation theory" and contributed to its use at European and American universities. He has lived in the US since 1994, teaching first at UCLA, then at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, Wisconsin, Berkeley, and now at Stanford University. Zemtsovsky graduated from Leningrad Conservatory with degrees in ethnomusicology and composition, and graduated Leningrad University as a folklorist and linguist.
In the 1970s-1990s, Zemtsovsky was widely regarded as a key figure of Russian (and Soviet) ethnomusicology. As a prolific teacher (for several decades he was a professor at the Leningrad State Institute of Theatre, Music and Cinema), he affected the formation of Russian and other ethnic schools of musicologists in former Soviet Union (including Baltic, Caucasian, and Central Asian republics, from the 1990s – independent states) and countries of the Eastern Europe. He maintains professional contacts with Russia.
Zemtsovsky is the author of over 20 books and over 500 articles on numerous European and Asian languages.
From 2006, Zemtsovsky is the director (and founder) of Silk Road House, a non-profit organization focused on the culture of the Silk Road, in Berkeley, California.
In 2011 in recognition of his research activity and prolific teaching Zemtsovsky was awarded the Fumio Koizumi Prize for ethnomusicology.
Darsi Assembly constituency is a constituency of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly in India. It is one of 12 constituencies in the Prakasham district of Andhra Pradesh. As per the Delimitation Orders (2008), the constituency covers the Donakonda, Kurichedu, Mundlamuru, Darsi and Thallur mandals.
It is part of the Ongole Lok Sabha constituency along with another six Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Yerragondapalem, Ongole, Kondapi, Markapuram, Giddalur and Kanigiri in Prakasam district.
Raaghav Chanana is an Indian actor and stage director. Chanana studied Economics at London School of Economics before taking up the acting career. He was cast in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, directed by Stephen Beresford, and performed for 10 weeks in London's West End. He also played the lead role of Rahim, a singing-dancing hero in a Bollywood style musical, Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan (This Is Mumbai, My Dear), directed by Sanjoy Roy, and which toured across the UK, performed at the Belfast Festival at Queen's, Ireland, and at the Esplanade Festival in Singapore.He directed Patrick Marber's Closer  and John Donnelly's Bone, and then proceeded to form his own theatre company, Fly On The Wall, under which he produced and directed avant-garde theatre.He has continued working as an actor including with theatre directors Roysten Abel, Sunil Shanbag, Atul Kumar and Rehaan Engineer. He is performing as the NRI American groom in Girish Karnad's Wedding Album, directed by Lilette Dubey.Chanana played the romantic lead in a telefilm produced by Shahrukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment, when he won a nationwide acting contest held by MTV. He hosted travel shows and also worked in music videos and commercials. Chanana's English feature film debut was in Lessons in Forgetting. The film won the National Award for Best English Film.Chanana has the series regular role of Prithvi Singhania in the Indian version of the American TV series, 24. The cast of the show received the 2013 Golden Petal Award for Best Ensemble Cast on Indian Television.
Crowdfunding is a process in which individuals or groups pool money and other resources to fund projects initiated by other people or organizations "without standard financial intermediaries." Crowdfunded projects may include creative works, products, nonprofit organizations, supporting entrepreneurship, businesses, or donations for a specific purpose (e.g., to pay for a medical procedure). Crowdfunding usually takes place via an online portal that handles the financial transactions involved and may also provide services such as media hosting, social networking, and facilitating contact with contributors. It has increased since the passage of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act.
Crowdfunding has a wide reach and may be utilized by businesses, nonprofit organizations, an individual, group, or an organization. Crowdfunding is used in a variety of platforms from social media to face-to-face environments. The use of crowdfunding has increased; however, success is not guaranteed.
Funds may be sought out to start a business, to support a cause, or to reach a fundraising goal.  Most crowdfunding projects are small and “seek to raise small amounts of capital, often under $1000.” An individual or organization may not qualify for a traditional bank loan, and crowdfunding provides another opportunity to gain financial support from others. The use of crowdfunding has gained an increased presence since the JOBS Act and has a significant social media presence. “Approximately 25 percent of real-world relationships start online, with people of all ages migrating online to find a partner. Crowdfunding is doing for small businesses and entrepreneurs what dating sites have done for singles.” Those unable to procure funding from traditional methods, may be interested in pursuing crowdfunding as an option; however, the success rate may be a deterrent. E. Mollick examined Kickstarter projects from 2009 through 2012 and found many projects were not successful as only “3% raise 50% of their goal,” and he stated that successful projects succeed “by relatively small margins.”
Crowdfunding is donation-based fundraising for businesses or creative projects, typically via an online funding portal. Some but not all crowdfunding projects offer contributors rewards, which may differ based on the amount of money donated. Rewards can include copies of a creative work, products generated with the funding, special or personalized incentives (such as autographed works or promotional merchandise), or public recognition. One can classify crowdfunding as using one of the following models:
In equity crowdfunding, a crowdfunding approach is used to raise investment capital, and contributors receive equity in the resulting business. It is a joint effort made between individuals to support the causes of other people or organizations in the form of equity. Contributors may act as investors and receive shares directly, or the crowdfunding service may act as a  nominated agent. Equity crowdfunding helps "the 90 percent of businesses that were left out in the cold" by traditional funding methods, which is why it has become such a viable option for business startups.Equity-based funding is illegal in many countries, such as India. In the  United States the   JOBS Act of 2012 regulated the trend. This "legislation was intended to increase access to capital for the innovative companies" in need of investment capital and allows a pool of small investors to come together.
This mode, also known as "non-equity" funding, has become increasingly popular, with a 230 percent increase in 2012. Reward-based crowdfunding may fund campaigns supporting the free development of software, the promotion of motion pictures, scientific research, development of inventions, etc. Reward-based funders expect a return from the project.
This is known as "Peer to Peer", "P2P", "marketplace lending", or "crowdlending". Borrowers set up campaigns to fulfill their financial needs, and lenders contribute toward the goal for an interest. This method of online funding may prove to be "a threat to the traditional banking system in the areas of consumer and business loans, as has already been demonstrated by the rapid success of [these] online lending marketplaces."
A plaintiff requests a monetary donation to fund a court case. If the claimant wins, investors may get more than their initial investment.
This type of crowdfunding "is part of a trend in which people are relying less on charities to help them fulfill their philanthropic aims".
People make donations for different reasons and give to different entities. Donors may give to feel good about themselves or because they believe in a cause. Some donations are made to individuals while others are made to organizations. The same is true in online crowdfunding. However, some differences exist in their method of giving, geography, and demographics. 
Online crowdfunding donors differ from traditional fundraising donors in that donors give anonymously, do not have a connection to the recipient, and donors may seek out a cause or recipient to give to. Another important factor is that online donors are not limited by their geographic location and can give to individuals or organizations anywhere in the world. When it comes to motives, donations are made to individuals to help them reach a goal and typically drop off once that is met; however, donations to organizations are made for a greater societal good. The demographics of online donors vary from traditional donors as “online donors tend to be younger and give larger gifts than traditional donors.” This is important for online campaign organizers to note as they determine their target audience; however, those over 50 have increased their social media usage and have a presence on Facebook.
More research is needed in regard to the topic of crowdfunding in general. There are benefits to online crowdfunding as it has the ability to tap into audiences that are not close in geographic proximity to an individual or organization and to increase awareness about a campaign. However, with relatively low funding success rates reported, "social networking and traditional approaches to fundraising may be complements" to help individuals and organizations raise funds but not a replacement.”
Hollas, J. (2013). Is crowdfunding now a threat to traditional finance? Corporate Finance Review. Vol 18, issue 1, pp. 27-31.
Gleasure, Rob; Feller, Joseph (2016). "Does Heart or Head Rule Donor Behaviors in Charitable Crowdfunding Markets?". International Journal of Electronic Commerce. 20 (4): 499. doi:10.1080/10864415.2016.1171975.
Mollick, Ethan (2014). "The dynamics of crowdfunding: An exploratory study". Journal of Business Venturing. 29: 1. doi:10.1016/j.jbusvent.2013.06.005.
Saxton, Gregory D; Wang, Lili (2013). "The Social Network Effect". Nonprofit and Voluntary Sector Quarterly. 43 (5): 850. doi:10.1177/0899764013485159.
The future of fundraising: Is crowdfunding the wave of the future? (2016). Third Sector. October 1, 2016. 29.
The collared inca (Coeligena torquata)  is a species of hummingbird found in humid Andean forests from western Venezuela, through Colombia and Ecuador, to Peru and Bolivia. It is very distinctive and unique in having a white chest-patch and white on the tail. Like other hummingbirds it takes energy from flower nectar (especially from bromeliads), while the plant benefits from the symbiotic relationship by being pollinated. Its protein source is small arthropods such as insects. It is normally solitary and can be found at varying heights above the ground, often in the open.The Gould's inca (Coeligena torquata omissa) of southern Peru and Bolivia is normally considered a subspecies of the collared inca, although it has a rufous (not white) chest-patch.
The collared inca is (controversially) placed in the order Apodiformes, which contains swifts as well as hummingbirds. It is in the family Trochilidae, that of the hummingbirds, and placed within the subfamily Trochilinae, the so-called "typical hummingbirds."
Collared incas found in different parts of their range tend to have certain morphological features characteristic of that region, and are considered separate subspecies. From north to south along the Andes they are:
Coeligena torquata conradii – Venezuela. Much greener than typical, cinnamon-buffy throat with rufous-brown spots, smaller chest-patch, buffy belly.
Coeligena torquata fulgidigula – West slope in Ecuador. Greener than typical. Patch on male's forehead shimmering blue. Male's chin metallic turquoise.
Coeligena torquata margaretae – Central Amazonas Region of Peru to the Pasco Region of Peru. Two-part (shimmering green and blue) forehead patch in male. Female has white and green-spotted chin.
Coeligena torquata eisenmanni – Within a relatively small area to the northwest of Cusco, Peru. Both genders have some coppery uppertail coverts. Male has black head except for crown. Female has rufous chin.
Coeligena torquata omissa – From Cuzco south to the end of the range of the species in Bolivia. Gould's inca, sometimes considered a separate species, it is certainly the most distinctly different of all the subspecies, having in both genders a completely rufous, rather than white, chest-patch.
10–14 centimetres (3.9–5.5 in) in length, with a rather long (3–3.5 centimetres (1.2–1.4 in)), straight, black beak. Under most lighting conditions Coeligena torquata torquata appears black except for a very large and distinctive white chest-patch. However, in ideal lighting other features can be discerned: a shimmering metallic violet forehead patch in males, white thighs, fleshy-dusky feet, shimmering green throat in males, dull and containing some white in females, and some dark green mixed in with the black of the body. The tail of both genders is black except for white on the basal half of the outer four rectrices, and part of the underside. The female is slightly lighter green overall than the male and has a slightly smaller chest-patchVocalizations are infrequent. Quiet, low-pitched, reedy whistle "tu-tee." Longer series of "pip... pip..." Very quiet spitting sound when foraging.
Humid subtropical and temperate forest regions, including cloud forests on both slopes of the Andes from Venezuela to Bolivia between 1,800 metres (5,900 ft) and 3,000 metres (9,800 ft), usually above 2,100 metres (6,900 ft) in Ecuador. It typically forages below half the height of the canopy, and can most often be found around thickets near the forest edge.It is fairly common throughout most of its range. No reasons for concern have been claimed.
Like other hummingbirds, the collared inca obtains most of its energy from nectar, which it drinks while it in turn pollinates the flower, and feeds on insects and other small insect-like arthropods as a source of protein. It seems to prefer epiphytes. It is a solitary trap-liner, meaning that it forages alone by flying a routine route between several flowers.
Two single females of other Coeligena species have been observed caring for two offspring each. The nests were 1–2 metres (3.3–6.6 ft) above ground, about 7 centimetres (2.8 in) tall and wide, with an interior cup about 3 centimetres (1.2 in) deep and wide, and were composed of seed down and other materials. The eggs were completely white and measured about 1.5x1 cm. The mother visited once or twice every hour, to feed the young for a period of 9–55 seconds.
The Jelly Roll Kings were an electric Delta blues band. The members of the band were Frank Frost (keyboard/harmonica), Big Jack Johnson (guitar) and Sam Carr (drums). Some of their most well-known songs included "The Jelly Roll King", and "Catfish Blues".
The three had been playing together irregularly from 1962 and into the seventies under the name The Nighthawks. In 1979 they were invited by Michael Frank to record now as The Jelly Roll Kings, their debut Rockin' the Juke Joint Down, which was a debut release of  Earwig Music Company too. In the following years they kept performing separately, but were recorded again. Fat Possum Records released the Kings 1997 follow-up, Off Yonder Wall. It was produced by Robert Palmer, and included tracks such as  "That's Alright Mama" and "Baby Please Don't Go."Frank Frost died in 1999, Sam Carr followed in 2009, and Big Jack Johnson in 2011.
The Fairpoint Peninsula (also referred to as the Gulf Breeze Peninsula or the Navarre Peninsula) is located in Northwest Florida between Santa Rosa Sound (the location of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway's route through the region) and Pensacola Bay.
In 1559, Tristan de Luna arrived in Pensacola Bay with 500 Spanish soldiers. The first settlement was abandoned due to diseases, disasters and hostile natives, but other Europeans followed. In the late 1700s, the British occupied the peninsula and named it Town Point.
By the early 1930s, bridges between Pensacola and Gulf Breeze and Gulf Breeze and Pensacola Beach were completed. The current route of U.S. Highway 98 was also completed, operated as a toll road between 1939 and 1946. Gulf Breeze's namesake was established in 1936 when the Gulf Breeze Cottages and Store opened a post office branch where Live Oaks Plaza now stands.
The Naval Live Oaks Reservation was the home of America's first experimental tree farm, established by President John Quincy Adams in 1828. It was established to provide raw material to support shipbuilding for the Navy in the area. Today, Naval Live Oaks is part of the Gulf Islands National Seashore, a unit of the National Park Service.
Based on the most recent censuses, and estimates, these are the communities located on the Fairport Peninsula, with their populations (if known):
Oriole Beach, Florida - Population: 1,420The following communities are adjacent to the peninsula, and are sometimes considered part of the Fairpoint Peninsula region, or are considered to be a part of one of the larger communities on the peninsula:
Pensacola Beach, Florida - Population: Not Recorded (Often considered to be a neighborhood of Gulf Breeze or Pensacola)
The Medicine Lodge River is a 130-mile-long (210 km) tributary of the Salt Fork of the Arkansas River in southern Kansas and northern Oklahoma in the United States.  Via the Salt Fork and Arkansas rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
The Medicine Lodge River got its name from a large hut built by the Kiowa Indians, who believed the water from the river had healing properties if ingested or inhaled in a sauna type room.
The United States Board on Geographic Names settled on "Medicine Lodge River" as the stream's name in 1968.  According to the Geographic Names Information System, it has also been known historically as "A-ya-dalda-pa River," "Medicine Lodge Creek" and "Medicine River."
The river rises in Kiowa County, Kansas and flows generally southeastwardly through Barber County in Kansas and Alfalfa County in Oklahoma, past the Kansas towns of Belvidere, Sun City and Medicine Lodge.
It joins the Salt Fork of the Arkansas River in Oklahoma, about 5 miles (8 km) north-northeast of Cherokee.
John Frederick Fagge (5 October 1814 – 30 March 1884) was an English clergyman who played first-class cricket between 1833 and 1853. He was born at Chartham in Kent in 1814, the fourth son of Sir John Fagge, the 6th of the Fagge baronets who was also the vicar of Chartham.Fagge was educated at University College, Oxford. He became a Church of England priest and was curate and then vicar of Aston Cantlow in Warwickshire from 1849 to 1876. In 1844 he married Rose Baker. His first wife, with whom he had three children, died in 1859 and he was remarried in 1861 to Jesse Clark with whom he had another six children. In 1877 he converted to the Roman Catholic church.Fagge played cricket as an amateur, making his first-class debut in 1833 for the Gentlemen of Kent. He went on to play for a range of teams including Oxford University, Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and the Gentlemen as well as making an appearance for an England team in 1833. He played for Kent both before the formation of the county club in 1842 and later for the first Kent County Cricket Club. He appeared in a total of 44 first-class matches as a right-handed batsman who bowled right arm roundarm medium pace. He made his final first-class appearance in 1853.He died at Chartham in 1884 aged 69.
The 1978 United States Grand Prix West (officially the Long Beach Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on April 2, 1978, at Long Beach, California.
Carlos Reutemann took over at the halfway mark from Ferrari teammate Gilles Villeneuve, when the Canadian crashed out of the lead, and won by eleven seconds. It was the second American victory for the Argentine, who also won for Brabham at Watkins Glen in 1974. American Mario Andretti finished second to maintain a share of the Championship lead with Reutemann.
At the start of the weekend, though only 22 cars would make the grid, there were 30 entries, requiring a one-hour pre-qualifying session on Friday morning for the eight non-FICA members. From these eight, the fastest four would join the rest of the field in qualifying for one of the 22 starting spots.
Niki Lauda, who had placed his Ferrari on pole for the previous year's race, again set the early pace, this time in a Brabham. Late in the Friday morning session, however, Reutemann suddenly jumped to the top of the sheets with a 1:20.99 and eventually posted the day's best of 1:20.636. As usual at Long Beach, a number of drivers suffered from broken gearboxes, and on Saturday, though the weather was better, no one was able to better Reutemann's time. The first three rows of the final grid were occupied by just three teams, as Villeneuve completed the all-Ferrari front row, Brabham teammates Lauda and John Watson were third and fifth, and the Lotus pair of Andretti and Ronnie Peterson were fourth and sixth.
A beautiful California day and 75,000 paying fans showed up for the race on Sunday. The start had been moved from in front of the pits on Ocean Boulevard to the curving "straight" on Shoreline Drive in order to avoid another first corner tangle. The strategy seemed to work, as everyone got through cleanly, though John Watson's late braking maneuver down the inside caused him to exit wide from the hairpin and force polesitter Reutemann wide with him, so Villeneuve tucked into the lead as they exited.
After one lap, the order was Villeneuve, Watson, Lauda, Reutemann, Andretti, Alan Jones, James Hunt and Peterson. In the lead of a Grand Prix for the first time, Villeneuve was driving superbly, as he began to extend his lead. On lap six, Hunt struck the wall at the apex of the last turn before the pit straight and knocked his right front wheel off. Three laps later, Watson retired from second with a blown engine. Andretti was dropping back in fourth, having chosen the wrong Goodyears and a poor top gear, and Jones was closing on him quickly. On lap 19, the Williams went through and took off after Reutemann.
With Villeneuve's lead at two seconds, Reutemann was pushing Lauda hard for second place. Suddenly, on lap 28, the Brabham went straight on at Turn One, looking as if his brakes had failed. Lauda stopped safely, however, stepped out and removed his helmet. An electrical failure had cut the motor. Meanwhile, Jones had caught up to Reutemann, and the top three were separated by just 2.5 seconds.
On lap 39, just before the halfway point, Villeneuve came up to lap Clay Regazzoni, who was in a battle with Jean-Pierre Jabouille's Renault. Rather than wait until the straight, the Canadian tried to get by in the twisty section leading up to Ocean Boulevard. There simply wasn't room, however, and, when Regazzoni braked earlier than Villeneuve expected, the Ferrari's right front wheel hit the left rear of the Shadow and was launched over the white car into the wall. Fortunately, no one was hurt.
This left Reutemann in the lead, ahead of Jones, then a long gap back to Andretti. Lap after lap, Jones hounded Reutemann, but the Ferrari was too fast down the straight for him to get by. On about lap 47, with Jones still on the Ferrari's tail, the front wings of the Williams strangely flopped down, the result of a fabrication failure. Jones continued to battle, but began losing around a second a lap. Adding to the Aussie's misery, his fuel pressure began fluctuating. His head jerked back and forth as the engine sputtered and, sometimes, cut out entirely. As one car after another passed, the struggling Williams fell all the way to eighth place. Recording the fastest lap of the race on lap 27 and repassing Emerson Fittipaldi on the last lap for seventh place were his only consolations after a spectacular drive.
Reutemann cruised to the finish, maintaining a twelve to fifteen second gap over Andretti, who had a similar cushion over Patrick Depailler in third.
Keegan and Stuck set the 22nd and 23rd fastest qualifying times but neither could take the grid due to practice accidents. Pironi, who was 24th fastest, moved up into the grid, avoiding the embarrassment of becoming the first driver to fail to qualify an official Tyrrell car.
The win brought Reutemann even with Andretti in the title standings after just four races, but Mario would ride the brilliant Lotus 79 to six wins and the Championship before the series returned to America at Watkins Glen in the fall.
KNRS (570 kHz) is an AM radio station licensed to Salt Lake City, Utah.  The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. KNRS and sister station 105.9 KNRS-FM simulcast a Talk radio format.  The studios are located in West Valley City and the transmitter site is located off West 2300 North Street in Salt Lake City.  570 KNRS operates with 5,000 watts around the clock, covering most of Northern Utah.  Other iHeart stations in the Salt Lake City metropolitan area include KAAZ-FM, KZHT, KJMY, KODJ, and KWDZ.
The station signed on the air on August 1, 1938 as KUTA on 1500 kHz AM, and was then headed by Utah broadcasting pioneer Frank Carman. In 1956, the station changed its call letters to KLUB. After the station became KLUB in 1956, its programming consisted on music, news, and sports. In the 1950s, KLUB published a local top 40 chart. The station aired a beautiful music format in the 1970s. In the early 1980s, the station aired a MOR music format. In September 1983, the station began airing the "Music of Your Life" nostalgia format. On September 4, 1985, the station's format was changed to adult contemporary. In Autumn 1985, KLUB became the flagship station for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association.On May 15, 1989, the station's call sign was changed to KISN, and the station began simulcasting the Classic hits format of 97.1 KISN-FM. The simulcast ended in September 1992. On September 1, 1993, the station's format was changed to sports talk and was branded as "Sports Radio 570", making it Utah's second all-sports radio station (after KQOL, now KAAZ-FM). The station became the market's only sports talk station later in the month, when KQOL switched to a Country music format. On July 31, 1997, the sports format ended and the station began simulcasting "Timeless" adult standards format of 107.9 KRKR.On January 9, 1998, after being sold to Jacor Communications, the station's call letters became KNRS, standing for News Radio Station, and the station adopted a news/talk format. The station's branding was "570 K-News". On March 6, 2000, KNRS became known as "Family Values Talk Radio", and the station adopted an almost entirely syndicated talk radio format, carrying programming such as The Rush Limbaugh Show and Dr. Laura. KNRS' call sign was changed to KACP on September 1, 2009.In January 2009, as KNRS, the station began simulcasting its programming on FM HD Radio at 94.1 HD-2. KACP also broadcast on an FM translator in Utah County on 99.1 FM, and KJMY HD-2 up until March 2010. 99.1 switched formats to classic Country music, being fed by the HD-2 channel of KJMY 99.5. Though 99.1 is a translator, through a loophole in FCC regulations, the station can broadcast an HD-2 feed. KACP was then no longer available on the FM dial, until switching back to KNRS.
On August 3, 2009, Clear Channel moved the Talk programming airing on 570 over to 105.7 on the FM dial. For about six weeks, both 570 and 105.7 were simulcast.On September 17, 2009, KACP split off in a more business-oriented direction as "Freedom 570", with a lineup including Cox Radio hosts Neal Boortz and Clark Howard as well as Clear Channel in-house shows Jason Lewis, The Schnitt Show and Handel on the Law.On January 3, 2010, the station changed its calls back to KNRS and began simulcasting its sister FM signal.  The station obtained a construction permit from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for a power increase to 50,000 watts day and 5,000 watts night. However the construction permit expired before the upgrade was built.
The Pasadena Convention Center is a convention center in Pasadena, California, near Los Angeles, owned by the City of Pasadena. It consists of three buildings.
The Civic Auditorium, one of the major structures in the Pasadena Civic Center District, was built in 1931 and is best known for being the home for the Emmy Awards from 1977 until 1997. It was designed by architects George Edwin Bergstrom, Cyril Bennett, and Fitch Haskell. Today, the Auditorium is home to the People's Choice Awards and the former home of the Pasadena Symphony Orchestra. It has also been used for some episodes of American Idol. It was used as the show's venue for "Hollywood Week" in season 10. The 3,029-seat theater hosts musicals, operas and concerts, among other events, on its 56 by 42 ft (17 by 13 m) stage.
The venue's theatre organ was acquired in 1979, having been commissioned in 1938 as a touring organ by Reginald Foort, who attended its inauguration on April 23, 1980. It was used by the BBC during and after World War II.In addition to the main auditorium, the Civic Auditorium building originally contained two lecture rooms and an exhibition hall of 100 by 200 ft (30 by 61 m).The Motown 25: Yesterday, Today, Forever special was taped here on March 25, 1983; and aired on NBC in May. The show is best remembered for Michael Jackson's performance of "Billie Jean" in which he debuted his signature dance move the "Moonwalk". Louis Armstrong's 1951 album Satchmo at Pasadena was also recorded here.
The auditorium has also been used for the Miss Teen USA 2007 pageant. The preliminary and final competitions were broadcast live on NBC. It also brought in for auditions of the 11th and 12th season of America's Got Talent.
The Pasadena Civic Auditorium hosted the 44th Daytime Emmy Awards and the 44th Daytime Creative Arts Emmy Awards.The auditorium has been the host of America's Got Talent audition rounds since season 11, and of the NAACP Image Awards since 2014.
The auditorium hosts the annual Pasadena Unified School District graduation ceremonies for Blair High School, John Marshall Fundamental Secondary School, John Muir High School and Pasadena High School, which takes place after the Memorial Day holiday, since 2011.
The Exhibition Building features 31,200 sq ft (2,900 m2) of exhibit space and can seat up to 4,400 for various events. Adjacent to the Exhibition Building is a 15,000 sq ft (1,400 m2) annex seating up to 600 patrons.
David Howells Fleay AM MBE (; 6 January 1907 in Ballarat, Victoria – 7 August 1993) was an Australian naturalist who pioneered the captive breeding of endangered species, and was the first person to breed the platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) in captivity.
Fleay had an aesthetic upbringing: His mother, Maude Edith Victoria Fleay, had studied painting under Fred McCubbin; his father, William Henry Fleay, was a manufacturing chemist in Ballarat. After education at a state primary school and later a private high school, Ballarat Grammar School, Fleay was first employed in his father's chemist shop and then was briefly a teacher at Ballarat Grammar.
He left for Melbourne in 1927 to study for a Bachelor of Science degree and Diploma of Education at Melbourne University. There, he met another student, Mary Sigrid Collie, and they married in 1931, the same year that Fleay graduated having majored in zoology, botany and education. He was employed as a teacher in Ballarat until 1934.
Fleay's interest in the natural world coincided with the awakening of scientific interest in endangered species, and the realisation by the public that Australian animals were worthy of attention other than as a source of food.
He realised the importance of endangered species early in his career when, in 1933, he was the last person to photograph a captive thylacine or Tasmanian tiger at the Hobart Zoo. In the process he was bitten on the buttocks, the scar from the injury carried proudly throughout his life.
In 1934, Fleay was asked to design and establish the Australian animal section at Melbourne Zoo, and worked there for 4 years. During this time he had several scientific achievements, including the first breeding in captivity of the emu, several bird species including the tawny frogmouth, and marsupials including the koala. He also commenced research into the breeding habits of the platypus. His next public education efforts were nature talks on a Melbourne radio station, in 1937. Later that year, disagreements with the zoo's management came to a head and Fleay was dismissed, principally because of his belief that native birds and animals should be fed what they would eat in the wild.
In 1962 Fleay co-founded the Wildlife Preservation Society of Queensland with Judith Wright, Brian Clouston and Kathleen McArthur.
Coincidentally, the Healesville Sanctuary some 90 km from Melbourne was in need of a director and he was appointed. The animals there included quolls, Tasmanian devils, dingoes and various birds of prey, to which he added tiger snakes that were milked for antivenene, and platypus. Many animals were housed in large paddock-like areas with swing-weighted gates so that visitors could freely interact with the animals. He also conducted daily 'feeding' displays of the platypuses.
His greatest achievement at Healesville was in 1943, when he bred the first platypus in captivity. His platypusary (platypus enclosure) incorporated features of their native streams. On about 5 November 1943, "Corrie" was born. No-one other than Fleay successfully bred and reared a platypus until 1998 when Healseville Sanctuary again had success. Since then, breeding has occurred only twice more: at Healesville and Taronga Zoo (twins).
Between 1945–1947, Fleay led an expedition to Tasmania in an attempt to capture a breeding pair of thylacines, however he returned empty handed.In 1947, he took three platypuses to New York for the Bronx Zoo where they occupied a platypusary built to his specifications. He studied animal husbandry at various zoos and wildlife sanctuaries across the US, returning to Healesville in October to discover that the Board had dismissed him for supposed unauthorised donations of animals to various foreign zoos. While untrue, this caused considerable hurt: He was demoted and remained at Healesville as a consultant.
He was also keeping a private collection of animals, but in 1951 the Government of Victoria legislated to prevent private individuals from charging fees for the public to see animal collections. This caused him to decide to move the collection.
After extensive research, the Tallebudgera Estuary in the hinterland behind Burleigh on the Gold Coast in Queensland was selected, the reasons including that it offered an untouched natural habitat for koalas apart from already having cleared areas (then farmland) for development of animal enclosures. The Fleays gradually acquired land and by 1958 had enclosures for people to see platypuses, snakes, dingoes, plain turkeys, ospreys, crocodiles and alligators; in contrast, bandicoots, flying foxes, sea eagles, wallabies and koalas, were free to visit from adjoining the forest. However, his focus was on the scientific study of the animals.
The area also included middens used by earlier generations of the Gold Coast's Kombumerri Aboriginal people. Fleay retained these heritage areas, and maintained good relationships with the Kombumerri.
The animals were fed partly from donations from local bakers and butchers, with local residents donating dead animals to feed the owls (or the goannas if no longer fresh); mice and rats were collected frequently from the McKerras Research Institute behind the hospital; worms were collected fresh daily for the platypuses; eels, pigeons and flying foxes were also killed to provide food for the owls, snakes and crocodiles.
Injured or sick animals from as far away as New Guinea and Central Queensland were accommodated at the sanctuary. Those that lived were kept for research or breeding; native animals, when recovered, were released into the wild; deceased animals were fed to the survivors.
In 1982, 37 acres (150,000 m²) of the land owned by David and Sigrid Fleay was sold to the Queensland Government and became a Conservation Park. The following year, the 20 acre (81,000 m²) main Fauna Reserve with its animal enclosures was also sold to the Government. The remainder of the site 7.5 acres (30,000 m²) was transferred in 1985. Under the terms of this arrangement, David and Sigrid Fleay continued to live and work at the park: In 1983 it closed for 5 years for redevelopment and re-opened in 1988. The government retains the property as the David Fleay Wildlife Park.
First captive breeding of the platypus (1943), mulgara (1955), planigale (midget marsupial) (1958), taipan (snake) (1960), powerful owl Ninox strenua (1968), greater sooty owl Tyto tenebricosa (1969), grey goshawk (1971), Australian masked owl Tyto novaehollandiae (1971), Australasian grass owl Tyto longimembris (1972), crested hawk (1975), wedge-tailed eagle Aquila audax (1977), and fluffy glider Petaurus australis (1988).
Extensive snake venom production, including death adders, brown snakes, mulga snakes and tiger snakes for Dr C.H. Kellaway of The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research.
Scientific papers including in The Victorian Naturalist, The Australian Zoologist, Walkabout and Wild Life
Sam Yawayawa (born 2 July 1998 in Suva, Fiji) is a Fijian born Scottish rugby union player who plays for Cambridge. He was previously at Glasgow Warriors, Leicester Tigers, Boroughmuir and Glasgow Hawks. His usual position is at the Wing position.
Yawayawa was educated at first in Germany and then in Scotland. He played for Boroughmuir. He was part of the Boroughmuir U16 side that won the National Bowl final in 2014.He entered the Scottish Rugby Academy at the Stage 3 professional phase of the academy in the 2017-18 season.Yawayawa played for Glasgow Hawks when not in use by Glasgow Warriors.He was signed by Cambridge at the start of season 2018-19.
He played for Edinburgh at U16 grade.Yawayawa joined Leicester Tigers. He was loaned out to Nottingham for game time.Yawayawa was enrolled in the BT Sport Scottish Rugby Academy as a Stage 3 player. Stage 3 players are aligned to a professional club and given regional support. Yawayawa was assigned to the Glasgow Warriors for the season 2017-18.
Yawayawa first played for Scotland U16.Although Yawayawa was selected for the Scotland U18 side, after he was signed for Leicester Tigers in England, Yawayawa then played for England U18.Yawayawa made his Scotland U20 debut against Wales U20 in 2018.
A credo (pronounced [ˈkɾeːdoː], Latin for "I believe") is a statement of religious belief, such as the Apostles' Creed. The term especially refers to the use of the Nicene-Constantinopolitan Creed (or less often, the Apostles' Creed) in the Mass, either as spoken text, or sung as Gregorian chant or other musical settings of the Mass.
After the formulation of the Nicene Creed, its initial liturgical use was in baptism, which explains why the text uses the singular "I ...." instead of "we...." The text was gradually incorporated into the liturgies, first in the east and in Spain, and gradually into the north, from the sixth to the ninth century. In 1014 it was accepted by the Church of Rome as a legitimate part of the Mass. It is recited in the Western Mass directly after the Homily on all Sundays and Solemnities; in modern celebrations of the Tridentine Mass as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite, the Credo is recited on all Sundays, feasts of the I class, II class feasts of the Lord and of the Blessed Virgin, on the days within the octaves of Christmas, Easter, and Pentecost, and on the "birthday" feasts of the apostles and evangelists (including the feasts of St. Peter's Chair and of St. Barnabas). It is recited in the Orthodox Liturgy following the Litany of Supplication on all occasions.
Probably because of its late adoption, and the length of the text (the longest in the Ordinary of the Mass), there are relatively few chant settings of it. What is identified as "Credo I" in the Liber Usualis was apparently widely considered the only authentic Credo, and it is the element of the ordinary that was most strongly associated with a single melody. The Liber Usualis contains only two other settings, designated as "Credo V" and "Credo VI," which is far fewer than for other settings of the Ordinary.
In musical settings of the Credo, as in the Gloria, the first line is intoned by the celebrant alone (Credo in unum Deum), or by a soloist, while the choir or congregation joins in with the second line. This tradition continued through the Middle Ages and Renaissance, and is even followed in more recent settings. In Stravinsky's Mass, for example, a soloist intones the first line, which is from the plainchant Credo I. In Mass settings of the Baroque, Classical and Romantic period the Credo line is usually set for whole choir, such as in the Symbolum Nicenum (Nicene Creed) of Bach's Mass in B minor, where the composer uses plainchant as the theme for a fugue, in the later Masses of Haydn, and the Missa Solemnis of Beethoven.
The melody of Credo I first appears in eleventh-century manuscripts, but it is believed to be much older, and perhaps Greek in origin. It is almost entirely syllabic, probably because of the length of the text, and consists of a great deal of repetition of melodic formulas.
In polyphonic settings of the Mass, the Credo is usually the longest movement, but is usually set more homophonically than other movements, probably because the length of the text demanded a more syllabic approach, as was seen with chant as well. A few composers (notably Heinrich Isaac) have set Credos independently from the rest of the ordinary, presumably to allow their insertion into missae breves or their omission where a said or chanted Credo is the custom.
Settings of alternative texts as a Credo outside the Mass, as a motet, are extremely rare. The first published polyphonic settings of the Symbolum Apostolorum were settings by the French composer Le Brung in 1540, and two further settings by the Spanish composer Fernando de las Infantas in 1578.
Lynnhaven Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Virginia Beach, Virginia, USA. It opened in August 1981. At 1,170,000 square feet (109,000 m2) of gross leasable area, it is the largest mall in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of southeastern Virginia and one of the largest malls on the East Coast. The mall contains more than 180 stores, including Dillard's, JCPenney, and Macy's as anchor stores. Other stores at the mall include Apple, Barnes & Noble, Dick's Sporting Goods, XXI Forever, H&M, and Old Navy. Dave & Busters is also a recent addition to the mall and region. An 18 screen AMC Theatres complex anchors an open-air pedestrian plaza called "The Inlet". The mall is managed by Brookfield Properties Retail Group of Chicago, Illinois.
Lynnhaven mall opened in 1981. The mall was built by Melvin Simon & Associates (now Simon Property Group) of Indianapolis, Indiana, on Lynnhaven Parkway south of Interstate 264 (then State Route 44). The mall originally included six anchor stores: national chains JCPenney and Montgomery Ward, as well as regional chains Rices Nachmans, Thalhimers, Miller & Rhoads and Leggett. Over time, all of the anchors with the exception JCPenney were changed several times. The first to change was Rices Nachmans, which became Hess's in 1984.
Miller & Rhoads closed in 1990 as part of the chain's bankruptcy, and was converted to Hecht's that year. Hess's closed at Lynnhaven Mall on March 30, 1991, as part of a corporate decision to eliminate smaller and underperforming stores. Its location was then sold to the Limited Brands, who converted the space to several of their brands, including The Limited superstore which opened in early 1992. Thalhimers closed in 1992 as well, and became a second Hecht's location. The two Hecht's stores remained until 1998, when the chain built a new location between Dillard's and Montgomery Ward Leggett was sold to Belk in 1997; one year later, the store was transferred to Dillard's as part of a mutual exchange. Dillard's also acquired the former Thalhimers, placing its women's departments in one and men's departments in the other. In addition, Lord & Taylor opened a new location at the mall in 1999 replacing the old Miller & Rhoads/Hecht's.
Montgomery Ward closed in 2001 with the chain's bankruptcy. Simon sold the mall to General Growth Properties (now Brookfield Properties Retail Group) of Chicago, Illinois in 2003 for $256.6 million. DSW Shoe Warehouse also opened. Lord & Taylor closed in early 2005, citing market conditions, and has remained vacant since then. The Montgomery Ward space at the mall was divided among Dick's Sporting Goods, Barnes & Noble and Steve & Barry's between 2003-2005. Dillard's expanded the former Thalhimers/Hecht's and moved into it in 2005 so as to vacate the former Leggett/Belk. That space was then demolished and rebuilt into an outdoor plaza called The Inlet anchored by an AMC Theatres complex.
Hecht's, another nameplate of May Company, was converted to Macy's in 2006 when Federated Department Stores (now Macy's, Inc.) acquired the May Company and converted several May nameplates to the Macy's brand. H&M also opened in a portion of the former Hess's space when The Limited moved to a new location, and Steve & Barry's closed on January 30, 2009 with the company's liquidation and became Furniture Mart in 2010. DSW Shoe Warehouse moved out as well, and was replaced by a Forever 21.
In 2012, Furniture Mart closed and moved elsewhere in the city. In its place, a newcomer to the area, Dave & Busters, opened on July 20, 2013.At the end of 2013, the mall's carousel, which greeted shoppers at the main entrance for 17 years, was removed to make way for a planned renovation. The renovation, announced in January 2014, will add 29,000 square feet to the mall, including a new ground-level food court and an open atrium. The new food court opened October 27, 2014; the same day, the remaining mezzanine was closed for demolition.Apple opened a brand new store near Sephora in September 2014, marking the second Apple Store to come to the Hampton Roads area (the first being at MacArthur Center). At the same time as the mezzanine was being dismantled, the abandoned Miller & Rhoads/Hecht's/Lord & Taylor anchor was mostly torn down and rebuilt. The space was partitioned into two smaller sections and a public entrance. The public entrance opened in October 2015. L. L. Bean moved into the south half of the rebuilt space and opened on June 10, 2016, and most of the north half is taken up by a Maggie McFly's restaurant (the first outside of Connecticut) that opened in May 2017. With all but one of the connector bridges removed due to the renovations, the upper parking deck was no longer being used effectively, so it was partially demolished from March to June 2016. Only the section in front of JCPenney and its intact bridge remains. The area opened by the demolition has been leveled and reverted to open-air parking.
Admiral Sir Manley Laurence Power KCB, CBE, DSO & Bar, DL (10 January 1904 – 17 May 1981) was a Royal Navy Admiral who fought in World War II as a Captain and later rose to more senior ranks, including the NATO position Allied Commander-in-Chief, Channel. He is chiefly remembered for leading the 26th Destroyer Flotilla that sank the Japanese cruiser Haguro in the Malacca Strait during Operation Dukedom.
Born the son of Admiral Sir Laurence E. Power KCB, CVO, Power was educated at the Royal Naval Colleges at Osborne and Dartmouth, becoming a Royal Navy officer cadet in 1917. In the early part of his career, he served mainly in submarines, attaining his first command (HMS H32) in 1933.
In 1939 he was promoted to Commander and appointed as Staff Officer (Operations) to the Commander-in-Chief, Mediterranean, Vice-Admiral Sir Andrew Cunningham.In 1942, he was given command of HMS Opportune, escorting Arctic convoys, before returning as Staff Officer (Operations) in the Mediterranean in September 1942, in preparation for the invasion of North Africa and then became Staff Officer (Plans), on the staff of Commander-in-Chief, Mediterranean in January 1943, assisting the planning of the invasion of Sicily. He was promoted to Captain in 1943, and Deputy Chief of Staff (Plans), and stayed in the Mediterranean until March 1944, planning the invasion of Italy and the Anzio landings.Power became captain of the 26th Destroyer Flotilla in April 1944, taking part in the Normandy landings [France], and as captain of the destroyer HMS Myngs participated in an action to destroy an enemy convoy off the Norwegian coast in November 1944. He was then appointed to command HMS Saumarez in the Eastern Fleet, and his flotilla destroyed the Japanese cruiser Haguro in May 1945.
Following the war, Power served as Deputy Director of Plans in the Admiralty between January and July 1946, then as Senior Naval Member of the Directing Staff at the Joint Services Staff College, later becoming commander of the Portland (Dorset) naval base. Following this he served as Flag Captain to the Commander-in-Chief, Home Fleet (Admiral Sir Philip Vian), then in May 1952 as Chief of Staff to the Commander-in-Chief Mediterranean (Admiral 1st Lord Mountbatten of Burma). He was promoted to rear-admiral in 1953, and in the following year was appointed Senior Naval Member of the Directing Staff of the Imperial Defence College. Promoted to vice-admiral, he became Flag Officer, Aircraft Carriers in 1956 and Deputy Chief of the Naval Staff and Fifth Sea Lord in 1957. Promoted to admiral in 1960, his final appointments were as Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth and Allied Commander-in-Chief, Channel in 1959 before retiring in 1961.
Jean Laforgue (11 January 1782, Marciac – 6 November 1852, Dresden) was a French scholar living in Dresden, mainly known for having edited and censored the first edition (known as Édition Laforgue) of Giacomo Casanovas memoirs, Histoire de ma vie.
Jean Laforgue was born in Marciac, in the Gers department in southwestern France, on 11 January 1782. From 1822 to 1827, he was a French language teacher in Dresden Ritter-Akademie (Dresden knight academy).
In 1825, he was given the task of preparing the first French edition of Casanova's memoirs by the publisher Friedrich Arnold Brockhaus.
His translation is heavily criticized today not only for having made a lot of changes to the original manuscript, but also for its dull literary style.
In approximately 1831, Laforgue gave back the manuscript to Brockhaus, without four chapters whose fate remains unknown as of today.After 1831, he resumed giving French lessons at the Dresden Ritter-Akademie.
Laforgue not only modernized the orthography of words and nouns, but also rewrote the most part of the original text in what he considered to be a better French. He also watered down passages he judged licentious, or to the contrary  rewrote those he considered too elliptic. Furthermore, he added or cut entire passages from the text, depending on his own convictions. He judged Casanova's original text too favorable to Christianity and Ancien Régime, and too hostile to the French Revolution and democracy.For example:
Je baise l’air, croyant que tu y es (I kiss the air, thinking you are there) becomes Je lance mille baisers qui se perdent dans l’air (I give a thousand kisses that get lost to the air)
Sûr d’une pleine jouissance à la fin du jour, je me livrai à toute ma gaieté naturelle (certain to make love at the end of the day, I engaged in my natural cheerfulness) becomes Certain d'être heureux (Certain to be happy)
Antoine-Alexandre Barbier, Joseph-Marie Quérard, et al., Dictionnaire des ouvrages anonymes, éd. Féchoz et Letouzey, 1889, p. 152
Giacomo Casanova, Mémoires de J. Casanova de Seingalt, ed. Garnier Frères, [1880], t. I, « Notice » from Garnier, p. III
Giacomo Casanova, Histoire de ma vie, ed. Robert Laffont, coll. Bouquins, 1993, t. I, introduction by Francis Lacassin, p. II, and « Biographie d'un manuscrit » from Helmut Watzlawick, p. XXIV
Ted Emery, Casanova Research Page, Dickinson College, Department of French and Italian, reprinted as « The History of Casanova's Manuscripts at Dux  »
In physics, length scale is a particular length or distance determined with the precision of one order of magnitude. The concept of length scale is particularly important because physical phenomena of different length scales cannot affect each other and are said to decouple.   The decoupling of different length scales makes it possible to have a self-consistent theory that only describes the relevant length scales for a given problem.   Scientific reductionism says that the physical laws on the shortest length scales can be used to derive the effective description at larger length scales.  
The idea that one can derive descriptions of physics at different length scales from one another can be quantified with the renormalization group.
   is the momentum that is being probed. In relativistic mechanics time and length scales are related by the speed of light. In relativistic quantum mechanics or relativistic quantum field theory, length scales are related to momentum, time and energy scales through Planck's constant and the speed of light.   Often in high energy physics natural units are used where length, time, energy and momentum scales are described in the same units (usually with units of energy such as GeV).
Length scales are usually the operative scale (or at least one of the scales) in dimensional analysis. For instance, in scattering theory, the most common quantity to calculate is a cross section which has units of length squared and is measured in barns. The cross section of a given process is usually the square of the length scale.
   meters and is given by the size of hydrogen atom  (i.e., the Bohr radius (approximately 53 pm)) which is set by the electron's Compton wavelength times the fine-structure constant: 
The length scale for the strong interactions (or the one derived from QCD through dimensional transmutation) is around 
   meters (or in natural units 1000 MeV or 1 GeV), and the "radii" of strongly interacting particles (such as the proton) are roughly comparable.  This length scale is determined by the range of the Yukawa potential.  The lifetimes of strongly interacting particles, such as the rho meson, are  given by this length scale divided by the speed of light: 
   seconds.  The masses of strongly interacting particles are several times the associated energy scale (500 MeV to 3000 MeV).
   meters and is set by the rest mass of the weak vector bosons which is roughly 100 GeV(more precisely, 246GeV).  This length scale would be the distance where a Yukawa force is mediated by the weak vector bosons.  The magnitude of weak length scale was initially inferred by the Fermi constant measured by neutron and muon decay.
   in natural units), and is derived from Newton's gravitational constant which has units of length squared.
The Mesoscopic scale is the length at which quantum mechanical behaviours in liquids or solid can be described by macroscopic concepts.
Economy of Baku covers the issues related to the economy of the city of Baku, capital of Azerbaijan. Historically, Baku has been the center of the country's economic life because it is located  on the coast of the Caspian Sea of the Caucasus region as an international junction of land and sea trade routes.
By industrial institutions and individual entrepreneurs operating in this field, in January–November 2017, industrial production was 29.9 billion manat or was 3.7 percent less than in comparison the same period of the previous year.
Food production  in the manufacturing sector increased by 2.0 percent, drinks by 23.4 percent, production of textile industry by 9.9%, clothing industry by 10.3%, leather goods, footwear production by 61.3 percent, paper and cardboard production by 27.9%, chemical production by 44.7%, production of pharmaceutical products by 2.6 times, production of Rubber and Plastics Products by 8.4 percent, production of building materials by 18.1%, metallurgy industry by 5.1%, electrical equipment production by 14.1%, machinery and its materials production by 47.1%, furniture production by 37.9%, jewelry, musical instruments, sport and medical equipments by 30,1%.
The volume of production increased by 24.3 percent in the sector of production distribution and supply of electricity, gas, and steam, water supply, waste treatment and processing sector by 20.9 percent.
The large part of the industrial products was sent to consumers, as of December 1, 2017, the final product covered 181.9 million manat in the warehouses of industrial enterprises, taking into account the reserves of previous years.
In January–November 2017, 12331.2 million manat or 3,35% fewer funds than in comparison the same period of 2016 were directed to capital assets. 8841.9 million manat or 71.7% of the funds directed to the capital assets were used for the construction and installation work.
The total cost of production in the mining industry decreased by 3.6 percent compared to January–November of the previous year and amounted to 24.4 billion manat.
81.5 percent of the industrial production was produced in the mining sector, 16.2 percent in manufacturing sector, 1.6 percent in electricity, gas and steam production, distribution and supply sector, 0.7% in the water supply, waste treatment and processing sector.
Extraction of crude oil, the main product of the field was 34.9 million tons, natural gas commodity extraction was 16.6 billion kub meter.
Oil production in the mining sector decreased by 6.2 percent, as well as commercial gas production decreased by 2.2 percent.
The total value of production in the oil field was 2469.2 million manat, having decreased by 9.2 percent in comparisation with January–November of the previous year. Production of petrol increased by 4.7%, petroleum coke by 6.8%, bitumen production by 22.7%, lubricating oil by 3.7 times, as well as production of diesel fuel decreased by 20%, production of mazut fuel oil by 42.6%, white petrolatum by 6.9%.
In January–November 2017, the manufacturing industry produced goods with total 4843.7 million manat and provided industrial services.
Construction of Baku Higher Oil School new campus, new administrative building of Narimanov District Court, bridge in the Pirallahi district, “Pirallahi” Solar Power Plant, Balakhani Industrial Park, Baku-Tbilisi-Kars Railway, Pirshagi-Novkhani road, Binagadi-Novkhani-Corat highway completed in Baku in January–November 2017.
12331.2 million manat or 3.3 percent less in comparison with the corresponding period of the previous year was directed to the capital assets from all financial sources for the development of the economic and social spheres of city in January–November 2017.
According to the January–November 2017, freight transportation by road increased by 1.6 percent in comparison with the previous year and was 5,3021.2 thousand tons. As well as passenger transportation increased by 0,1%, and was 623024,1 thousand passenger.
Number of passengers using metro services increased 5.3 percent in comparison with the previous year and was 207.6 milyon.
In January–November 2017, the cost of sold products and services at the consumer market of the Baku for meeting the needs of the population increased 2.2%  in comparisation with the same period of 2016 was 21964,1 million manat.
95.6 percent of the total cost of the sold goods and services consisted of the non-governmental sector, cost of the retail trade turnover and paid services on this field increased by 1.7 percent compared to the same period of the previous year and amounted to 21001.3 million manat.
The volume of services rendered by the information and communication institutions to the population, administrations and organizations increased by 4.5 percent in January–November compared to the same period of the previous year and amounted to 1486364.4 thousand AZN.
Average monthly nominal wages of hired workers in economic and social spheres of the city in January–October 2017 increased by 6.7 percent compared to the same period of the previous year and reached 782.9 manat.
Valeriy P. Kuchinsky  (Ukrainian: Валерій Павлович Кучинський; born: 25 October 1944, Kiev) is a Ukrainian diplomat and politician, who has served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine, and Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations. He has served on the Board of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, and as Executive Secretary of the Ukrainian National Commission for the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organizations (UNESCO). Adjunct Professor of International Relations Columbia University Ukrainian Studies Program.
Born in Kiev, on 25 October 1944, Kuchinsky graduated from Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, PhD (1967). He is fluent in Ukrainian, English, Russian and French.
In 1992–1997 – deputy Chief of Mission at the Ukrainian Embassy to the United States in Washington, D.C.
In 1997–1998 – He has held posts in the Ministry's Departments of International Organizations and of the Americas
In 1998–1999 – Mr. Kuchinsky is Director-General of the Ministry Department of International Organizations and of the Americas
In September 2001 – May 2006 – Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations, he has also served as Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council from 2003 to 2004.
Was elected Chairman of the Third Committee (Social, Humanitarian and Cultural) for the General Assembly's fifty-ninth session on 10 June 2004.
Grog, also known as firesand and chamotte, is a raw material for making ceramics. It has a high percentage of silica and alumina.  
It can be produced by firing selected fire clays to high temperature before grinding and screening to specific particle sizes. Another method makes it from pitchers. The particle size distribution is generally coarser in size than the other raw materials used to prepare clay bodies. It tends to be porous and have low density. 
Grog is composed of 40% minimum alumina, 30% minimum silica, 4% maximum iron(III) oxide, up to 2% calcium oxide and magnesium oxide combined.Its melting point is approximately 1,780 °C (3,240 °F). Its boiling point is over 9,000 °C (16,230 °F). Its water absorption is maximum 7%. Its thermal expansion coefficient is 5.2 mm/m and thermal conductivity is 0.8 W/(m·K) at 100 °C and 1.0 W/(m·K) at 1000 °C. It is not easily wetted by steel.
Grog is used in pottery and sculpture to add a gritty, rustic texture called "tooth"; it reduces shrinkage and aids even drying.  This prevents defects such as cracking, crows feet patterning, and lamination. The coarse particles open the green clay body to allow gases to escape. Grog adds structural strength to hand-built and thrown pottery during shaping, although it can diminish fired strength.
The finer the particles, the closer the clay bond, and the denser and stronger the fired product. "The strength in the dry state increases with grog down as fine as that passing the 100-mesh sieve, but decreases with material passing the 200-mesh sieve." In Middle Europe, grog is used to create fire-resistant chamotte bricks for construction of fireplaces and old-style furnaces.
In archaeology, 'grog' is crushed fired pottery of any type that is added as a temper to unfired clay.  Several pottery types from the European Bronze Age are typologised on the basis of their grog inclusions.
Jain, P. L. (2003), Principles of Foundry Technology (4th, revised ed.), Tata McGraw-Hill, ISBN 978-0-07-044760-8.
Lidell, Macy Liddell (1922), Handbook of chemical engineering, Volume 1 (unknown, revised ed.), McGraw-Hill Book Company, ASIN B000UFRYQI.
The Wekerle estate (Hungarian: Wekerletelep) is a part of Budapest's XIX. district (known as Kispest). Kispest, formerly a suburb was administratively attached to Budapest in 1950 along with several other settlements of Greater Budapest.
Wekerle estate was named after Sándor Wekerle, then Hungarian prime minister, who supported the idea of building comfortable, human-scale housing estates for government employees, and was instrumental in launching the project of creating a garden city habitat.
The Wekerle estate lies on a flat area on the W-NW part of Kispest. Highest point is a small, artificial knoll on Kós Károly Square.
The estate is bounded by the following streets: Nagykőrösi St., Határ St., Ady Endre St., Bercsényi St.
During the last quarter of the 19th century, Greater Budapest's population grew almost threefold to nearly a million.
Commercial property development (although exceptionally fast) could not keep up with the demand for lodging, thus, resulting in government intervention to fund housing projects for government employees.
Commercial developers built densely packed large, multi-story apartment houses on narrow streets for new inhabitants of Budapest. Most of these people were coming from villages and small towns, and did not feel comfortable in a big, crowded city without greenery and fresh air. József Fleischl, a popular architect at the time, proposed building planned housing estates, similar to the ideas of the Ebenezer Howard's Garden city movement.
The government of Sándor Wekerle, then prime minister of Hungary supported these plans and invited tenders to implement such a housing estate. Many successful architects of the time submitted "conception plans" for one or two-story houses, ranging from duplexes to 12-flat apartment houses. All designs followed the "Transylvanian style" established by Károly Kós with high roofs and generous use of wooden structures (e.g. staircases). All the houses provided spacious gardens and the street layout was envisioned with comfortable, tree-lined avenues.
Construction began in 1908, and until 1925 when the Great Depression forced to abandon further development, 1007 houses were built containing 4412 apartments. One-story buildings placed along smaller streets had 2,3 or 4 individual apartments, and two-storey 6,8, and 12-apartment houses lined wider streets, forming a unique "spider web" street layout, centered on a round square with a large park in the middle.
Between 1911 and 1914, four schools and two kindergartens were completed with 48 classrooms, 18 kindergarten rooms and 2 gymnasiums.
Priority was given to government employees among rent applicants, but the estate, being very popular from the beginning already had 25% of its population from the privately employed, mostly workers of nearby factories.
According to the government's concept (most of the renters would be young, often unmarried clerks and low-level government officials), the majority of the houses include small apartments. The most common arrangement is the 45 m2 two-room apartment in 12-apartment complexes. 3-room 59 m2 apartments are also common. Larger units are rare, there are a few larger apartments in the 2-storey buildings on the central square. There's a handful of distinct, almost villa-like housings with larger apartments, referred popularly as "headmaster's house" or "doctor's apartment", the name probably stemming from their originally intended function.
The main, central square was very important for the concept of "building for the community", thus planning of the main square was a separate project, won by Károly Kós one of the star architects of the period. He designed the arrangement with the radial street layout and also one of the trademark wooden gates (the eastern one). Many of the famed architects of the era (e.g. Lajos Schodits, Béla Eberling, Dezső Zrumeczky, Gyula Wälder and Dénes Györgyi) designed houses on the square.
Fifty thousand trees were planted during the construction, mainly along the spacious avenues. The estate had its own gardening service, who not only took care of the many plants, flowers and trees of the community spaces, but also helped renters to groom their own gardens as well.
Four fruit trees were planted for each apartment (altogether 16.000), and thanks to the favorable sandy soil and to the care of the new dwellers, various kinds of drupes bloomed. It was noted that in 1917 redcurrant harvest was so rich that renters could earn almost four times the yearly rent just by selling their fruits.
Thanks to the garden city atmosphere, the estate remains very popular up to today. Contemporary inhabitants value the multitude of century-old trees, the greenery and spacious (by big city standards) gardens. In its early days, Wekerle spawned co-operatives and community associations, but under the Communist regime, the community association was closed and the estate began to decay. Now the community association is active again and there has been a renaissance of community action, environmental ventures and volunteering by residents. 
The clever layout of streets also makes it very quiet as the radial main streets route vehicular traffic efficiently onto the heavily used, multiple-lane streets surrounding the area.
The exterior of one of the buildings on the central Kós Károly Square is used as the central location of the popular Hungarian daily soap opera "Barátok közt".
Sopwith Camel was an American  rock band associated with the San Francisco psychedelic rock scene of the mid 1960s.
Sopwith Camel, named by founding member Peter Kraemer, formed in late 1965, with a line-up consisting of vocalist and saxophone player Peter Kraemer, guitarists Terry MacNeil and William "Truckaway" Sievers, bassist Martin Beard (born 1947, London), and drummer Norman Mayell. Sopwith Camel is best known for being the second San Francisco band to get a recording contract with a national record label, and the first to have a Top 40 hit.Sopwith Camel's first album (and only album recording during the 1960s), the eponymous Sopwith Camel, was released in 1967 on the Kama Sutra Records label. The single "Hello, Hello" became the first hit to emerge from the San Francisco rock scene and reached No. 26 on the U.S. pop music charts in January 1967 and No. 9 on the Canadian RPM magazine charts in February. A second hit, "Postcard from Jamaica", peaked at No. 88 in April 1967. Some songs on the band's first album, the vaudevillian "Hello, Hello" in particular, were more reminiscent of earlier songs by The Lovin' Spoonful than of most other San Francisco psychedelic rock of the time; producer Erik Jacobsen produced for both Sopwith Camel and The Lovin' Spoonful. On the other hand, "Frantic Desolation" was chosen by Jon Savage as one of "The Psychedelic 100", an annotated list first published as a booklet by Mojo Magazine and reprinted in the book I Want to Take You Higher: The Psychedelic Era 1965-1969 (an accompaniment to an exhibit of the same name), published by The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum (Chronicle Books, 1997).  The band was unable to follow up the success of their first album and hit single and disbanded later in 1967. Sopwith Camel's debut album has been re-released twice: as Frantic Desolation in 1986, and as Hello Hello Again in 1990.The band was defunct by the end of 1967. Beard and Mayell continued for a period in music, as session musicians under the direction of Eric Jacobsen.  Both appeared on Norman Greenbaum's hit album Spirit in the Sky (1969).  Mayell later joined Blue Cheer, replacing Paul Whaley as drummer.The group reformed in 1971, with all original members with the exception of Sievers, and recorded their second album, The Miraculous Hump Returns from the Moon released  on Warner Bros. Records' Reprise label in 1973. Allmusic gives the album three stars, saying, "Imagine a jazzy John Sebastian who's into Eastern culture and vaudeville. This is pleasant, unambitious hippie groove music for a lazy, sunny afternoon. If you're in that mood, it will take you to a warm, fuzzy place." Reviewing the album in 2014, The Guardian said, "What never fails to amaze me about this record is how it sounds like it was recorded about a week ago... Taking in elements of FM schmaltz, prog-rock, jazz, showtunes, Krautrock and Indian classical music, this is an album that overflows with ideas, but never overwhelms."The band broke up again in 1974. 
British-born bassist Martin Beard, who later became an electronics technician in Silicon Valley, died 10 November 2015 at the age of 68.
After sitting in the Warner Bros. vaults for 30 years, The Miraculous Hump Returns from the Moon, was issued on CD in 2001 by drummer Norm Mayell on Generic Type Records, called, The Millennium Edition. In 2006, a second CD release of The Miraculous Hump Returns from the Moon, also by drummer Norm Mayell on Generic Type Records was called Remastered 2006. This time the original master was discovered in producer Erik Jacobsen's basement.
Wolf Vostell (14 October 1932 – 3 April 1998) was a German painter and sculptor, considered one of the early adopters of video art and installation art and pioneer of Happening and Fluxus. Techniques such as blurring and Dé-coll/age are characteristic of his work, as is embedding objects in concrete and the use of television sets in his works.
Wolf Vostell was born in Leverkusen, Germany, and put his artistic ideas into practice from 1950 onwards. In 1953, he began an apprenticeship as a lithographer and studied at the Academy of Applied Art in Wuppertal. Vostell created his first Dé-collage in 1954. In 1955-1956, he studied at the École Nationale Superieur des Beaux Arts in Paris and in 1957 he attended the Düsseldorf Academy of Arts. Vostell's philosophy was built around the idea that destruction is all around us and it runs through all of the twentieth century. He used the term Dé-coll/age, (in connection with a plane crash) in 1954 to refer to the process of tearing down posters, and for the use of mobile fragments of reality. Vostell’s working concept of décollage is as a visual force that breaks down outworn values and replaces them with thinking as a function distanced from media.
His first Happening, Theater is in the Street, took place in Paris in 1958, and incorporated auto parts and a TV. In 1958, he took part in the first European Happening in Paris and he produced his first objects with television sets and car parts. He was impressed by the work of Karlheinz Stockhausen, which he encountered in 1964 in the electronic studios of the German radio station WDR, and in 1959 he created his electronic TV Dé-coll/age. It marked the beginning of his dedication to the Fluxus Movement, which he co-founded in the early 1960s. Vostell was behind many Happenings in New York, Berlin, Cologne, Wuppertal and Ulm among others. In 1962, he participated in the Festum Fluxorum, an international event in Wiesbaden together with Nam June Paik, George Maciunas. In 1963 Wolf Vostell became a pioneer of Video art and Installation with his work 6 TV Dé-coll/age shown at the Smolin Gallery in New York, and now in the collection of the Museo Reina Sofía in Madrid. The Smolin Gallery sponsored two innovative Wolf Vostell events on TV; the first, Wolf Vostell and Television Decollage, featured visitors to the gallery who were encouraged to create poster art on the walls. In 1967 his Happening Miss Vietnam dealt with the subject of the Vietnam war. In 1968, he founded Labor e.V., a group that was to investigate acoustic and visual events, together with Mauricio Kagel, and others.
Wolf Vostell was the first artist in art history to integrate a television set into a work of art. This installation was created in 1958 under the title The black room is now part of the collection of the art museum Berlinische Galerie in Berlin. Early works with television sets are Transmigracion I-III from 1958 and Elektronischer Dé-coll/age Happening Raum(Electronic Dé-coll/age Happening Room) an Installation from 1968. In 1974, his first major retrospective took place in the ARC 2 at the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, an expanded version of which was shown at the Neue Nationalgalerie, in 1974.
Vostell’s automobile-concrete-sculptures made from cars and concrete are to be found in Cologne Ruhender Verkehr (Stationary traffic) from 1969, in Berlin Zwei Beton-Cadillacs in Form der nackten Maja (Concrete Cadillacs) from 1987 as well as VOAEX (Viaje de (H)ormigón por la Alta Extremadura) from 1976 in the Museo Vostell Malpartida in Malpartida de Cáceres, Spain and Concrete Traffic from 1970 in Chicago.
Vostell also gained recognition for his drawings and objects, such as images of American B-52 bombers, published under the rubric "capitalist realism" and as a result of his inclusion of television sets with his paintings. Nam June Paik and Vostell were both participants in the Fluxus movement and the work of both artists involved a critique of the fetishization of television and the culture of consumption. The catalogue raisonné of his screen prints and posters has been published in the Nouvelles de l'estampe by Françoise Woimant and Anne Moeglin-Delcroix in 1982.In 1992, the town of Cologne honoured Vostell with a major retrospective of his work. His pieces were distributed over 6 exhibition venues: Stadtmuseum Köln, Kunsthalle Köln, Rheinisches Landesmuseum Bonn, Kunsthalle Mannheim, Schloss Morsbroich Leverkusen and Städtisches Museum Mülheim / Ruhr. Under the artistic direction of David Vostell, the documentary Vostell 60 - Rückblick 92 (Vostell 60 - Review 92) was created.
At more or less the same time, Vostell founded the Vostell Archive. With great fervour and strict consistency, Wolf Vostell collected photographs, artistic texts, private correspondence with colleagues such as Nam June Paik, Allan Kaprow, Dick Higgins and many others, as well as press cuttings, invitations to exhibitions and events or books and catalogues which document wolf Vostell's work and that of his contemporaries. His private library with more than 6000 books has formed part of the Archive. Wolf Vostell’s extensive oeuvre is documented in photographic form and makes up part of the archive. About 25000 documents from four decades make the Vostell Archive a treasure of art history. Since 2005 the archive has been housed in the Museo Vostell Malpartida and is available to art historians, journalists and authors.
Hrsg.: Jürgen Becker und Wolf Vostell: Happenings, Fluxus, Pop Art, Nouveau Réalisme. Eine Dokumentation. Rowohlt Verlag, Reinbek 1965.
Wolf Vostell. Ziehung der Lottozahlen, Tagesschau und Wetterkarte, Das Wort zum Sonntag. edition et, et 14, 1966.
Wolf Vostell. Aktionen, Happenings und Demonstrationen seit 1965, Rowohlt Verlag, Reinbek 1970, ISBN 3-498-07053-3. 
Vostell. Environments / Happenings 1958-1974, Arc2, Musée d'art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, Paris, 1975.
Vostell. Retrospektive 1958–1974. Neue Nationalgalerie Berlin, Staatliche Museen Preußischer Kulturbesitz, Berlin 1974.
Wolf Vostell, Museum am Ostwall, Dortmund, Kestner-Gesellschaft, Hannover, Centro Miró, Barcelona, 1977.
Vostell. Retrospektive, Rolf Wedewer, Bonn; Köln; Leverkusen; Mülheim an der Ruhr, 1992, ISBN 3-925520-44-9
Vostell. I disastri della pace / The Disasters of Peace, Varlerio Dehò, Edizioni Charta, Milano, 1999, ISBN 88-8158-253-8
10 Happenings de Wolf Vostell, José Antonio Agúndez García, Editora Regional de Extremadura, 2001, ISBN 84-7671-510-2
Wolf Vostell, Maria del Mar Lozano Bartolozzi, Editorial Nerea, Serie Arte Hoy, 2005, ISBN 9788489569386
Wolf Vostell. Die Druckgrafik. Dr. Wolfgang Vomm, Prof. Dr. Wulf Herzogenrath u. José Antonio Agúndez García, Städtische Galerie Villa Zanders in Zusammenarbeit mit dem Galerie + Schloßverein e.V. Bergisch Gladbach 2006, ISBN 3-9810401-0-4
sediment: Wolf Vostell. auf Straßen und Plätzen durch die Galerien Mitteilungen zur Geschichte des Kunsthandels, Heft 14/2007. Zentralarchiv des internationalen Kunsthandels, Verlag für moderne Kunst, Nürnberg, ISBN 978-3-939738-61-9
Wolf Vostell. Meine Kunst ist der ewige Widerstand gegen den Tod. LVR-Landes Museum Bonn, 2007. ISBN 978-3-9811834-0-5
Das Theater ist auf der Straße, Die Happenings von Wolf Vostell. Museum Morsbroich Leverkusen, Museo Vostell Malpartida, Kerber Verlag, 2010, ISBN 978-3-86678-431-4
Klaus Gereon Beuckers: Dé-coll/age und Happening. Studien zum Werk von Wolf Vostell. Ludwig, Kiel 2012, ISBN 978-3-86935-145-2
Klaus Gereon Beuckers, Hans-Edwin Friedrich und Sven Hanuschek: dé-coll/age als Manifest, Manifest als dé-coll/age. Manifeste, Aktionsvorträge und Essays von Wolf Vostell, neoAvantgarden, Bd. 3, edition text + kritik: München 2014, ISBN 978-3-86916-260-7
Beuys Brock Vostell. Aktion Demonstration Partizipation 1949-1983. ZKM - Zentrum für Kunst und Medientechnologie, Hatje Cantz, Karlsruhe, 2014, ISBN 978-3-7757-3864-4.
Dick Higgins, Wolf Vostell. Fantastic Architecture. Primary Information, 2015, ISBN 978-0990-6896-07
Wolf Vostell, Seismograph seiner Epoche, Werke 1952-1998. Editor David Vostell, LB Publikation, The Wolf Vostell Estate, 2016
James Conrad Card (born August 8, 1942) is a retired vice admiral in the United States Coast Guard who served as Vice Commandant from 1998 to 2000. He was previously Commander, Coast Guard Pacific Area, Eleventh Coast Guard District, U.S.Maritime Defense Zone Pacific, and Regional Emergency Transportation Coordinator, Chief of Staff, Thirteenth Coast Guard District, Assistant Commandant for Marine Safety and Environmental Protection at Coast Guard Headquarters, and Commander of the Eighth Coast Guard District. He is an alumnus of the United States Coast Guard Academy (1964), Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Industrial College of the Armed Forces.His awards include the Distinguished Service Medal, three Legion of Merit awards, four Meritorious Service Medals and a U.S. Coast Guard Commendation Medal. He is the 1997 recipient of the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers’ Vice Admiral Jerry Land Medal for outstanding accomplishments in the marine field. He also received the prestigious Rear Admiral Shepheard Award from the Chamber of Shipping of America in recognition of his achievement in merchant marine safety. Throughout his career, Card has represented the United States as a member of delegations to the International Maritime Organization, in London, and headed the Delegations to the IMO Maritime Safety and Marine Environmental Protection Committee.Card was born in Hillside, Illinois in 1942. He is married to Jean Howell and has two sons.
The Lind Coulee Archaeological Site, also known as 45GR97, is the site of an archaeological dig near Warden, Washington. It dates to c. 11,000 cal BP.
When it was first discovered in 1947, the site was seen as the first evidence of human habitation of Washington older than about 2,000–4,000 years. It was discovered by the River Basin Surveys program of the Smithsonian Institution. Richard Daugherty (then a graduate student at the University of Washington) was informed of the existence of bones and stone tools about 14 feet (4.3 m) underground, and he began visiting the site in 1948.
From 1950 to 1951, Daugherty was director of excavation at the site. During this excavation, Daugherty made the first definite link (dating to between 7450 B.C.E. and 6568 BCE) between human tools in the Columbia Basin and extinct bison remains. These digs also found stone palettes used for grinding red ochre, the first time that items such as this had been found in Washington.While the dates originally given to items at the site were acquired through radiocarbon dating, a bone from the site was tested with accelerator mass spectrometry in 2003, and gave a new date of between 10,550 and 11,290 years old.In 1968, excavation was resumed, at times by Roald H. Fryxell. The site had been dry when first discovered, but it was feared that the site would be damaged by runoff from agricultural irrigation. This dig lasted until 1972.  Work was primarily directed towards recording the sedimentary stratigraphy at the site in relation to the cultural deposits. Based on this new information 
it is believed that the site was occupied by humans more than half a dozen times, over a period of 10–150 years, but that it was mainly a spring camp, due to the preponderance of remains of young bison and unborn elk.
Artifacts recovered included a large number of bone tools, including nearly two dozen bone needles, and bone points.  The distinctive chipped stone points found belong to the Western Stemmed Point tradition, which is believed to precede the Clovis Point. Also, a wide variety of cutting and scraping stone tools were found that illustrate sophisticated proficiency in working stone.
Gibbon, Guy E; Ames, Kenneth M. (1998). Archaeology of Prehistoric Native America, Taylor & Francis.
Kirk, Ruth; Daugherty, Richard D. (2007). Archaeology in Washington, University of Washington Press.
Elsa Schiaparelli ( skap-ə-REL-ee; Italian: [ɛlsa skjapaˈrɛlli]; 1890–1973) was an Italian fashion designer. Along with Coco Chanel, her greatest rival, she is regarded as one of the most prominent figures in fashion between the two World Wars. Starting with knitwear, Schiaparelli's designs were heavily influenced by Surrealists like her collaborators Salvador Dalí and Jean Cocteau. Her clients included the heiress Daisy Fellowes and actress Mae West. Schiaparelli did not adapt to the changes in fashion following World War II and her couture house closed in 1954.
Elsa Luisa Maria Schiaparelli was born at the Palazzo Corsini, Rome. Her mother, Maria-Luisa, was a Neapolitan aristocrat. Her father, Celestino Schiaparelli, was an accomplished scholar with multiple areas of interest. His studies focused on the Islamic world and the era of the Middle Ages and he was, in addition, an authority on Sanskrit and a curator of medieval manuscripts. He also served as Dean of the University of Rome, where Schiaparelli would herself later go on to study philosophy. His brother, astronomer Giovanni Schiaparelli, had discovered the so-called canali, or Martian canals, and the young Schiaparelli often studied the heavens with her uncle. A cousin of the brothers, Ernesto Schiaparelli, was a noted Egyptologist who discovered the tomb of Nefertari and was Director of the Museo Egizio in Turin.The cultural background and erudition of her family members served to ignite the imaginative faculties of Schiaparelli’s impressionable childhood years. She became enraptured with the lore of ancient cultures and religious rites. These sources inspired her to pen a volume of poems titled Arethusa based on the ancient Greek myth of the hunt. The content of her writing so alarmed the conservative sensibilities of her parents they sought to tame her fantasy life by sending her to a convent boarding school in Switzerland. Once within the school’s confines, Schiaparelli rebelled against its strict authority by going on a hunger strike, leaving her parents to see no alternative but to bring her home again.Schiaparelli was dissatisfied by a lifestyle that whilst refined and comfortable, she considered cloistered and unfulfilling. Her craving for adventure and exploration of the wider world led to her taking measures to remedy this, and when a friend offered her a post caring for orphaned children in an English country house, she saw an opportunity to leave. The placement however, proved uncongenial to Schiaparelli, who subsequently planned a return to the stop-over city of Paris rather than admit defeat by returning to Rome and her family.
Schiaparelli fled to London to avoid the certainty of marriage to a persistent suitor, a wealthy Russian whom her parents favored and for whom she herself felt no attraction. In London, Schiaparelli who had held a fascination for psychic phenomena since childhood, attended a lecture on theosophy. The lecturer that night was Willem de Wendt, a man of various aliases who was also known as Willie Wendt and Wilhem de Kerlor. He was reported to have legally changed his name in England to Wilhelm Frederick Wendt de Kerlor, a combination of his father's last name and mother's maiden name. de Wendt's profession was one of a tireless, inventive self-promoter, in reality a con man who claimed to have psychic powers, and numerous academic credentials. He alternatively and simultaneously passed himself off as detective and criminal psychologist, doctor, and lecturer. In a stint on the vaudeville stage de Kerlor billed himself as "The World Famous Dr. W. de Kerlor." Schiaparelli was immediately attracted to this charismatic charlatan and they became engaged on the very next day of their first meeting. They married shortly thereafter in London on July 21, 1914, Schiaparelli was twenty-three, her new husband thirty. de Kerlor attempted to earn a living aggrandizing his reputation as a psychic practitioner as the couple subsisted primarily on the wedding dowry and an allowance provided by Schiaparelli’s wealthy parents. Schiaparelli played the role of her husband's helpmate and helped facilitate the promotion of his fraudulent schemes. In 1915 the couple were forced to leave England after de Kerlor was deported following his conviction for practicing fortune-telling, then illegal. They subsequently lived a peripatetic existence in Paris, Cannes, Nice, and Monte Carlo, before leaving for America in the spring of 1916.
The de Kerlors disembarked in New York, initially staying at the Brevoort, a prominent hotel in Greenwich Village, then relocated to an apartment above the Café des Artistes near Central Park West. De Kerlor rented offices to house his newly inaugurated "Bureau of Psychology" where he hoped to achieve fame and fortune through his paranormal and consulting work. His wife acted as his assistant, providing clerical support for self-promotions crafted to provide the newspapers with sensational copy, win celebrity and garner acclaim. During this period de Kerlor came under the surveillance of the Federal government’s Bureau of Investigation, (BOI) a precursor of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, (FBI), not only for his dubious professional practices but also on suspicion of harboring anti-British and pro-German allegiance during wartime. By 1917, de Kerlor’s acquaintance with journalists John Reed and Louise Bryant had positioned him on the government radar as a possible Bolshevik sympathizer and Communist revolutionary. Attempting to avoid this unremitting scrutiny, the de Kerlors decamped to Boston in 1918, where they continued their activities as they had done in New York. De Kerlor, an incurable publicity hound, made imprudent admissions to a BOI investigator in prideful support of the Russian Revolution and went so far as to admit to an association with a notorious anarchist, whilst his wife incriminated herself by revealing that she was tutoring Italians in Boston’s North End on the tenets of Bolshevism and that she herself had the knowledge to assemble explosive devices. Both were ultimately spared prosecution or deportation, the authorities concluding that such admissions so freely given were more indicative of foolish grandstanding than evidence of individuals who were a threat to society.Almost immediately after their child, Maria Luisa Yvonne Radha (nicknamed 'Gogo'), was born on June 15, 1920, de Kerlor moved out leaving Schiaparelli alone with their newborn daughter.  In later years, whenever Gogo asked her mother about her absent father, she was told that he was dead. Schiaparelli apparently made no efforts to bring her husband back or to seek support payments for herself and Gogo. In 1921, the 18-month-old Gogo was diagnosed with polio, which proved a stressful and protracted challenge for both mother and child. Years later Gogo recalled spending her early years in plaster casts and on crutches, with a largely absent mother who she barely saw. Fearing that de Kerlor would attempt to gain legal custody of Gogo, Schiaparelli had the child's surname legally changed to Schiaparelli prior to their return to France in 1922.Schiaparelli relied greatly on the emotional support offered her by her close friend Gabrielle 'Gaby' Buffet-Picabia, the wife of Dada/Surrealist artist Francis Picabia, who she had first met on board ship during the transatlantic crossing to America in 1916. Following de Kerlor's desertion, Schiaparelli returned to New York, attracted to its spirit of fresh beginnings and cultural vibrancy. Her interest in spiritualism translated into a natural affinity for the art of the Dada and Surrealist movements, and her friendship with Gaby Picabia facilitated entry into this creative circle which comprised noteworthy members such as Man Ray, Marcel Duchamp, Alfred Stieglitz and Edward Steichen. Although technically still married, Schiaparelli took a lover, the opera singer Mario Laurenti, but this relationship was cut short after Laurenti's death in 1922 after a sudden illness. Whilst they were together, de Kerlor had purportedly conducted affairs with the dancer Isadora Duncan and the actress Alla Nazimova.Schiaparelli and de Kerlor were eventually divorced in March 1924. In 1928, de Kerlor was murdered in Mexico under circumstances never fully revealed.
Following the lead of Gabrielle Picabia and others, and after the death of her lover Laurenti, Schiaparelli left New York for France in 1922.  Upon her arrival in Paris, she took an expensive apartment in a fashionable quarter of the city taking on the requisite servants, cook and maid. The self-made associations she formed over the years along with the eminent social position held by her Italian family combined to ensure that she would be embraced by desirable social circles on her return to France.Although never threatened with destitution as she continued to receive financial support from her mother, Schiaparelli nevertheless felt the need to earn an independent income. She assisted Man Ray with his Dada magazine Société Anonyme, which proved short lived. Gaby Picabia then suggested a business enterprise which would be beneficial to herself and Schiaparelli. Connected to the French couturier Paul Poiret through her association with his sister Nicole Groult, Picabia proposed that they sell French couture in America. This proposed project, however, never became a viable enterprise and was abandoned.
Schiaparelli’s design career was early on influenced by couturier Paul Poiret, who was renowned for jettisoning corseted, over-long dresses and promoting styles that enabled freedom of movement for the modern, elegant and sophisticated woman. In later life, Schiaparelli referred to Poiret as "a generous mentor, dear friend."Schiaparelli had no training in the technical skills of pattern making and clothing construction. Her method of approach relied on both impulse of the moment and the serendipitous inspiration as the work progressed. She draped fabric directly on the body, sometimes using herself as the model. This technique followed the lead of Poiret who too had created garments by manipulating and draping. The results appeared uncontrived and wearable.
Whilst in Paris, Schiaparelli - "Schiap" to her friends - began making her own clothes. With encouragement from Poiret, she started her own business but it closed in 1926 despite favourable reviews. She launched a new collection of knitwear in early 1927 using a special double layered stitch created by Armenian refugees and featuring sweaters with surrealist trompe l'oeil images. Although her first designs appeared in Vogue, the business really took off with a pattern that gave the impression of a scarf wrapped around the wearer's neck. The "pour le Sport" collection expanded the following year to include bathing suits, ski-wear, and linen dresses. Schiaparelli added evening wear to her collections in 1931, using the luxury silks of Robert Perrier, and the business went from strength to strength, culminating in a move from Rue de la Paix to acquiring the renowned salon of Louise Chéruit at 21 Place Vendôme, which was rechristened the Schiap Shop.
Colin McDowell noted that by 1939, Schiaparelli was well-known enough in intellectual circles to be mentioned as the epitome of modernity by the Irish poet Louis MacNeice. Although McDowell cites MacNeice's reference as from Bagpipe Music, it is actually from stanza XV of Autumn Journal.A darker tone was set when France declared war on Germany in 1939. Schiaparelli's Spring 1940 collection featured "trench" brown and camouflage print taffetas. Soon after the fall of Paris on 14 June 1940, Schiaparelli sailed to New York for a lecture tour; apart from a few months in Paris in early 1941, she remained in New York City until the end of the war. On her return she found that fashions had changed, with Christian Dior's "New Look" marking a rejection of pre-war fashion. The house of Schiaparelli struggled in the austerity of the post-war period. Elsa discontinued her couture business in 1951, and finally closed down the heavily indebted design house in December 1954, the same year that her great rival Coco Chanel returned to the business.
In 1954, Schiaparelli wrote her autobiography Shocking Life and then lived out a comfortable retirement between her Paris apartment and house in Tunisia. She died on 13 November 1973 at the age of 83.
Schiaparelli was one of the first designers to develop the wrap dress, taking inspiration from aprons to produce a design that would accommodate and flatter all female body types. Her design, which first appeared in 1930, offered a two-sided model with armholes on each side, brought together in the front of the garment and wrapped and tied at the waistline. Buttons may also have been incorporated into this early version. Initially conceived as beachwear and produced in four colours of tussore silk, the dress was popular with buyers and copied by garment manufacturers as a design for everyday street wear. Some forty years afterwards, this uncomplicated and easy-to-wear design was revisited in the 1970s by the American designer Diane von Fürstenberg.In 1931, Schiaparelli's divided skirt - a forerunner of shorts, shocked the tennis world when worn by Lili de Alvarez at Wimbledon in 1931.Other innovations included a swimsuit design which incorporated an interior bra with an alluring low-cut back by using hidden straps that crossed in the back and closed around the waist. This design was patented in 1930 and retailed by Best & Company. Other designs were made with detachable elements and reversible sections. Also in 1930, she is credited with having produced the first evening dress with a matching jacket. During Prohibition in the United States, Schiaparelli's popularly named "speakeasy dress" provided a hidden pocket for a flask for alcoholic beverage.
Schiaparelli is one of the designers credited with offering the first clothes with visible zippers in 1930. Rather than being concealed, zippers became a key element of Schiaparelli's designs, visibly fastening necklines and running down sleeves and skirts. She used chunky plastic zippers made from cellulose nitrate, the first semi-synthetic plastic fabric, and cellulose acetate. Along with Charles James, Schiaparelli had arrangements with the manufacturers to promote their zip fasteners, using specific brands depending on where the garment would be sold (such as Éclair for Paris models, Lightning Fastener Co. for London models, and Hookless Fastener Co. zips for American export models).Schiaparelli was also renowned for her unusual buttons, which could resemble candlesticks, playing card emblems, ships, crowns, mirrors and crickets; or silver tambourines and silk-covered carrots and cauliflowers. Many of these fastenings were designed by Jean Clemént and Roger Jean-Pierre who also created jewellery for her. In 1936 Schiaparelli was one of the first people to recognise the potential of Jean Schlumberger who she originally employed as a designer of buttons.
Schiaparelli's output also included distinctive costume jewellery in a wide range of novelty designs. One of her most directly Surrealist designs was a 1938 Rhodoid (a newly developed clear plastic) necklace studded with coloured metallic insects by Clément giving the illusion that the bugs were crawling directly on the wearer's skin. During the 1930s her jewellery designs were produced by Schlumberger, Clemént and Jean-Pierre, who also made up designs for buttons and fasteners. Schlumberger's jewellery with its inventive combinations of precious and semi-precious stones proved successful, and at the end of the 1930s, he left to launch his jewellery business in New York. Schiaparelli also offered brooches by Alberto Giacometti, fur-lined metal cuffs by Méret Oppenheim, and pieces by Max Boinet, Lina Baretti, and the writer Elsa Triolet. Compared to her unusual couture 1930s pieces, 1940s and 1950s Schiaparelli jewellery tended to be more abstract or floral-themed.
Schiaparelli was noted for her use of innovative textiles which were woven to resemble textures such as tree bark or crepe paper; a plush made to mimic ermine; and novelty prints including a fabric patterned with newspaper clippings. She made garments from crumpled rayon 50 years before Issey Miyake produced similarly pleated and crinkled pieces. Schiaparelli enjoyed playing with juxtapositions of colours, shapes and textures, and embraced the new technologies and materials of the time. With Charles Colcombet she experimented with acrylic, cellophane, a rayon jersey called "Jersela" and a rayon with metal threads called "Fildifer" - the first time synthetic materials had been used in couture. Some of these innovations were not pursued further, like her 1934 "glass" cape made from Rhodophane, a transparent plastic related to cellophane. Making clothes from these new and untested fabrics posed unexpected hazards - Diana Vreeland had a Schiaparelli dress melt at the dry cleaners' after its synthetic fabric reverted to chemical sludge upon contact with the cleaning fluids.
Schiaparelli's fanciful imaginative powers coupled with involvement in the Dada/Surrealist art movements directed her into new creative territory.  Her instinctive sensibilities soon came to distinguish her creations from her chief rival Coco Chanel, who referred to her as 'that Italian artist who makes clothes'. Schiaparelli collaborated with a number of contemporary artists, most famously with Salvador Dalí, to develop a number of her most notable designs. Schiaparelli also had a good relationship with other artists including Leonor Fini, Méret Oppenheim, and Alberto Giacometti.In 1937 Schiaparelli collaborated with the artist Jean Cocteau to produce two of her most notable art-themed designs for that year's Autumn collection. An evening jacket was embroidered with a female figure with one hand caressing the waist of the wearer, and long blonde hair cascading down one sleeve. A long evening coat featured two profiles facing each other, creating the optical illusion of a vase of roses. The embroidering of both garments was executed by the couture embroiderers Lesage.
The designs Schiaparelli produced in collaboration with Dalí are among her best known. In addition to well-documented collaborations such as the shoe hat and the Lobster, Tears and Skeleton dresses, Dalí's influence has been identified in designs such as the lamb-cutlet hat and a 1936-day suit with pockets simulating a chest of drawers.  While Schiaparelli did not formally name her designs, the four main garments from her partnership with Dalí are popularly known as follows:
Lobster DressThe 1937 Lobster Dress was a simple white silk evening dress with a crimson waistband featuring a large lobster painted (by Dalí) onto the skirt. From 1934, Dalí had started incorporating lobsters into his work, including New York Dream-Man Finds Lobster in Place of Phone shown in the magazine American Weekly in 1935, and the mixed-media Lobster Telephone (1936). His design for Schiaparelli was interpreted into a fabric print by the leading silk designer Sache. It was famously worn by Wallis Simpson in a series of photographs by Cecil Beaton taken at the Château de Candé shortly before her marriage to Edward VIII.
Tears DressThe Tears Dress, a slender pale blue evening gown printed with a Dalí design of trompe l'oeil rips and tears, worn with a thigh-length veil with "real" tears carefully cut out and lined in pink and magenta, was part of the February 1938 Circus Collection. The print was intended to give the illusion of torn animal flesh, the tears printed to represent fur on the reverse of the fabric and suggest that the dress was made of animal pelts turned inside out. Figures in ripped, skin-tight clothing suggesting flayed flesh appeared in three of Dalí's 1936 paintings, one of which, Necrophiliac Springtime, was owned by Schiaparelli; the other two are The Dream Places A Hand on a Man's Shoulder and Three Young Surrealist Women Holding in Their Arms the Skins of an Orchestra. Richard Martin saw the Tears Dress as a memento mori produced in response to the Spanish Civil War and the spread of Fascism, declaring that to "tear the dress is to deny its customary decorum and utility, and to question the matter of concealment and revelation in the garment." He noted that even if the tears in the dress were mere ornament like slashing, the real tears on the veil negated this, offering visual disagreements between reality and pretence.
Skeleton DressDalí also helped Schiaparelli design the Skeleton Dress for the Circus Collection. It was a stark black crepe dress which used trapunto quilting to create padded ribs, spine, and leg bones.
Shoe HatIn 1933, Dalí was photographed by his wife Gala Dalí with one of her slippers balanced on his head. In 1937 he sketched designs for a shoe hat for Schiaparelli, which she featured in her Fall-Winter 1937-38 collection. The hat, shaped like a woman's high heeled shoe, had the heel standing straight up and the toe tilted over the wearer's forehead. This hat was worn by Gala Dalí, Schiaparelli herself, and by the Franco-American editor of the French Harper's Bazaar, heiress Daisy Fellowes, who was one of Schiaparelli's best clients.
Schiaparelli designed the wardrobe for several films, starting with the French version of 1933's Topaze, and ending with Zsa Zsa Gabor's outfits for the 1952 biopic of Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Moulin Rouge in which Gabor played Jane Avril. Moulin Rouge won Marcel Vertès an Academy Award for Costume Design, although Schiaparelli's role in costuming the leading lady went unacknowledged beyond a prominent on-screen credit for Gabor's costumes. Authentically, Gabor's costumes were directly based upon Toulouse-Lautrec's portraits of Avril.She famously dressed Mae West for Every Day's a Holiday (1937) using a mannequin based on West's measurements, which inspired the torso bottle for Shocking perfume.
Schiaparelli's perfumes were noted for their unusual packaging and bottles. Her best-known perfume was "Shocking!" (1936), contained in a bottle sculpted by Leonor Fini in the shape of a woman's torso inspired by Mae West's tailor's dummy and Dalí paintings of flower-sellers. The packaging, also designed by Fini, was in shocking pink, one of Schiaparelli's signature colours which was said to have been inspired by Daisy Fellowes' Tête de Belier (Ram's Head) pink diamond.Other perfumes included:
The failure of her business meant that Schiaparelli's name is not as well remembered as that of her great rival Chanel. But in 1934, Time placed Chanel in the second division of fashion, whereas Schiaparelli was one of "a handful of houses now at or near the peak of their power as arbiters of the ultra-modern haute couture....Madder and more original than most of her contemporaries, Mme Schiaparelli is the one to whom the word "genius" is applied most often". At the same time Time recognised that Chanel had assembled a fortune of some US$15m despite being "not at present the most dominant influence in fashion", whereas Schiaparelli relied on inspiration rather than craftsmanship and "it was not long before every little dress factory in Manhattan had copied them and from New York's 3rd Avenue to San Francisco's Howard Street millions of shop girls who had never heard of Schiaparelli were proudly wearing her models".
The House of Schiaparelli was first opened in the 1930s at 21 Place Vendôme, but was shut down on 13 December 1954. In 2007, an Italian business man Diego Della Valle acquired the brand, but it wasn't until Marco Zanini was appointed in September 2013 that details of the brand's revival became public. The house has been nominated for a return to the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture list of members, and presented its first show since nomination in January 2014. Schiaparelli, using a hyper-exclusive business strategy, is to sell its first collection exclusively at a by-appointment boutique in Paris.
"Shocking!" The Art and Fashion of Elsa Schiaparelli, at the Philadelphia Museum of Art (September 2003-January 2004) and the Museé de la Mode, Paris (March–August 2004).
Schiaparelli and Prada: Impossible Conversations; The Costume Institute of The Metropolitan Museum of Art (May–August 2012)
Couturier Christian Lacroix presented a tribute fashion collection to Schiaparelli at the Musee des Arts Decoratifs in 2013.
Schiaparelli's two granddaughters, from her daughter's marriage to shipping executive Robert L. Berenson, were model Marisa Berenson and photographer Berry Berenson. Both sisters appeared regularly in Vogue in the early 1970s. Berry was married to the actor Anthony Perkins, with whom she had two children, the actor Oz Perkins and the musician Elvis Perkins. In 2014, Marisa collaborated with Hubert de Givenchy to publish the book Elsa Schiaparelli’s Private Album which reproduced photographs from her grandmother's personal archives.
"Shocking! Famed fashion house Schiaparelli revived". Interview and article by Thomas Adamson, AP's Fashion Writer.
""Shocking!" The Art and Fashion of Elsa Schiaparelli 28 September 2003 - 4 January 2004". Major exhibition of Schiaparelli's work at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
"The Shocking Career of Elsa Schiaparelli". Catalogue text accompanying the 1984 Hommage a Schiaparelli exhibition held in Paris by the Fondation Tanagra.
"Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" (English: "Love, Love, I Love You") is a song recorded by Romanian group Todomondo, consisting of Andrei Ștefănescu, Ciro de Luca, Kamara Ghedi, Bogdan Taşcău, Valeriu Răileanu and Vlad Creţu. It was released as a CD single in 2007 by the Romanian Television (TVR) in Romania. The track is multilingual and is performed in six languages: English, Romanian, Spanish, Italian, French and Russian. Taşcău produced the song and co-wrote it with Creţu and Ghedi. Its lyrics deal with the theme of love and European clichés.
"Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" represented Romania in the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest in Helsinki, Finland after winning the pre-selection show Selecția Națională. In Helsinki, Romania automatically qualified to the final due to their top ten placement in the previous year and finished in 13th place with 84 points. "Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" was promoted through performances in Belarus and a music video shot in Romania by Dan Manoliu. It charted on the Romanian Top 100.
Todomondo, initially named Locomondo, was a Romanian group consisting of Andrei Ștefănescu, Ciro de Luca, Kamara Ghedi, Bogdan Taşcău, Valeriu Răileanu and Vlad Creţu. The band was formed in 2007, with each of its members having had notable success in the Romanian music industry beforehand. Their song "Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" was written by Taşcău, Creţu and Ghedi, and was solely produced by Taşcău. It emerged from the idea of Răileanu, and was originally intended for Ștefănescu and Ghedi's band Alb Negru. "Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" is a multilingual song performed in six languages: English, Romanian, Spanish, Italian, French and Russian. During an interview with website Eurovision Belarus, one member of Todomondo jokingly stated: "We wanted to add even more languages to the song: we wanted to sing in German, Japanese, Chinese, Hindi... But unfortunately, we couldn't put it in the three-minute limit allowed by Eurovision."The lyrics of "Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" deal with the theme of love and discuss European clichés. Todomondo further elaborated on the track's message: "The feeling of love is the same in all countries, and it is not important what language you speak, what nationality you are, we all understand the same feeling under the word 'love'." During the song, each of the members represent one country and sing in one of the aforementioned languages: Taşcău stands for Spain, Creţu for the United Kingdom, Ghedi for France, Ștefănescu for Romania, de Luca for Italy and Răileanu for Russia. "Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" was released as a CD single in Romania in 2007 by the Romanian Television (TVR), followed by a promotional tour in Belarus. The CD's cover artwork was photographed by Zoltan Lorencz. Also aided by a music video shot in Romania by Dan Manoliu, "Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" charted on the Romanian Top 100.
The Selecția Națională was held in order to select the Romanian entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, consisting of two semi-finals on 27 January and 3 February, respectively, and the final on 10 February 2007. Todomondo qualified in first place from the first semi-final after the votes of an expert jury panel and the televoting were combined, resulting in 24 points. Subsequently, "Liubi, Liubi, I Love You" was chosen to represent in Romania in the contest by the same voting system, gathering 22 points in the final.The Eurovision Song Contest 2007 took place at the Hartwall Arena in Helsinki, Finland and consisted of one semi-final on 10 May and the final on 12 May 2007. According to the then-Eurovision rules, selected countries, except the host country and the "Big Four" (France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom), were required to qualify from the semi-final to compete for the final; the top ten countries from the semi-final progressed to the final. Automatically qualified for the final due to Romania's top ten placement the previous year, Todomondo performed 20th on the occasion, preceded by the United Kingdom and followed by Bulgaria. Romania eventually came in 13th position with 84 points, consisting of 12 awarded by both Moldova and Spain, 10 by Andorra and eight by Hungary.
The Bowl Championship Series (BCS) was a selection system that created five bowl game match-ups involving ten of the top ranked teams in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of American college football, including an opportunity for the top two teams to compete in the BCS National Championship Game. The system was in place for the 1998 through 2013 seasons and in 2014 was replaced by the College Football Playoff.
The BCS relied on a combination of polls and computer selection methods to determine relative team rankings, and to narrow the field to two teams to play in the BCS National Championship Game held after the other college bowl games (the game rotated among four existing bowl games from the 1998 to 2005 season, and was a separate game from the 2006 to 2013 seasons). The American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) was contractually bound to vote the winner of this game as the BCS National Champion and the contract signed by each conference required them to recognize the winner of the BCS National Championship game as the official and only champion. The BCS was created to end split championships and for the champion to win the title on the field between the two teams selected by the BCS.
The system also selected match-ups for four other prestigious BCS bowl games: the Rose Bowl Game, Fiesta Bowl, Sugar Bowl and Orange Bowl. The ten teams selected included the conference champion from each of the six Automatic Qualifying conferences plus four others (two others prior to the 2006 season). The BCS was created by formal agreement by those six conferences (the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), Big East [now the American Athletic Conference (The American)], Big Ten Conference (Big Ten), Big 12 Conference (Big 12), Pac-10 [now the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12)], and Southeastern Conference (SEC) conferences) and the three FBS independent schools, and evolved to allow other conferences to participate to a lesser degree. For the 1998 through 2005 seasons eight teams competed in four BCS bowls.
It had been in place since the 1998 season. The BCS replaced the Bowl Alliance, in place from 1995 to 1997, which had followed the Bowl Coalition, in place from 1992 to 1994. Prior to the Bowl Coalition's creation in 1992, the AP Poll's number one and two teams had met in a bowl game only eight times in 56 seasons. The AP's top two teams met 13 out of the 16 seasons when the BCS was in place.
In the 2014 season, the BCS was discontinued and replaced by the College Football Playoff, which organizes a four-team playoff and national championship game.
The NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) is the only NCAA-sponsored sport without an officially organized NCAA tournament to determine its champion. Instead, the postseason has historically consisted of individual bowl games.
The bowl system began in 1902 with the first ever East-West game in Pasadena, California, held at Tournament Park on New Year's Day in conjunction with the Tournament of Roses parade. This game was an exhibition game pitting a highly rated team from the west coast against a team from east of the Mississippi River. This was an ideal time for a postseason game, as fans could take off work or school during this holiday period to travel to the game. In the first game, the University of Michigan Wolverines represented the east and easily defeated the west's representative Stanford by a score of 49–0. Due to the lopsided victory the game did not resume until 1916.
The game was renamed the Rose Bowl in the 1920s when play shifted to the Rose Bowl stadium, built by the city of Pasadena in conjunction with the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Association. By the 1930s, the Cotton Bowl Classic, Orange Bowl, and the Sugar Bowl were also held on January 1 to showcase teams from other regions of the country.
By the 1940s, college football conferences began signing contracts that tied their championship team to a particular bowl. In 1947, the Big Ten Conference and the Pacific Coast Conference, a forerunner of today's Pac-12 Conference, agreed to commit their champions to play in the Rose Bowl every year, an agreement that continued under the BCS. This system raised the possibility that the two top-ranked teams in the final poll would not play each other in a bowl game, even in situations when there was a clear-cut top two. Indeed, since the AP began releasing its final poll after the bowl games in 1968, the two top-ranked teams in the final regular-season AP Poll had only played each other in a bowl six times until special bowl arrangements began in 1992. Under these circumstances, it was not uncommon to have the Coaches Poll crown a different national champion than the AP Poll, resulting in a split championship. This situation arose a total of ten different seasons before BCS was formed (1954, 1957, 1965, 1970, 1973, 1974, 1978, 1990, 1991, 1997).
For example, in 1991, the University of Miami Hurricanes and the University of Washington Huskies both finished the regular season undefeated and were considered the strongest teams in the nation. Since the Huskies were locked into the Rose Bowl as the Pac-10 Conference champion against Big Ten champion Michigan, they could not play then-independent Miami, who played in the Orange Bowl. Both teams won their bowl games convincingly and shared the national championship, Miami winning the Associated Press poll and Washington earning the top spot in the Coaches Poll. A split national championship has happened on several occasions since then as well (1997, 2003). (See: NCAA Division I FBS National Football Championship for a compilation of past "national champions" since 1869.)
Other teams have won the national championship despite playing presumably weaker schedules than other championship contenders. The BYU Cougars ended the 1984 season as the only undefeated and untied team in the nation, and the nine-time defending champions of the Western Athletic Conference. The Cougars opened the season with a 20–14 victory over No. 3 Pittsburgh, and won the Holiday Bowl against a 6–5 Michigan team that had been ranked as high as No. 2 that season. As the No. 4 ranked team at the end of the regular season, Washington was offered a slot against BYU in the Holiday Bowl; Washington declined, preferring instead to play in the more lucrative Orange Bowl where they beat No. 2 Oklahoma to complete a Pac-10 sweep of New Year's Day bowls (with USC winning the Rose Bowl and UCLA winning the Fiesta Bowl). Washington (11–1) was voted No. 2 following the bowl season with their only blemish a late season loss at Pac-10 champ USC. Coupled with winning its last 11 games in 1983, BYU finished the 1984 season with a 24-game winning streak. Several coaches and reporters claimed that BYU had not played a legitimate schedule and should not be recognized as national champion. Not only was Pittsburgh the only ranked team the Cougars faced all season, but at the time BYU played in the mid-major WAC. Nonetheless, BYU was a near-unanimous choice as national champion in final polls.
To address these problems, five conferences, six bowl games, and leading independent Notre Dame joined forces to create the Bowl Coalition, which was intended to force a de facto "national championship game" between the top two teams. By entirely excluding all the other conferences, the Bowl Coalition also made it impossible for a non-Bowl Coalition team to win a national championship. This system was in place from the 1992 season through the 1994 season. While traditional tie-ins between conferences and bowls remained, a team would be released to play in another bowl if it was necessary to force a championship game.
However, this system did not include the Big Ten and Pac-10 champions, as both were obligated to play in the Rose Bowl. The Coalition made several attempts to get the Tournament of Roses Association, which operates the Rose Bowl, to release the Big Ten and Pac-10 champions if necessary to force a championship game. However, those negotiations came to nothing, in part because the Tournament of Roses Association feared jeopardizing its long-standing contract with ABC if one or both teams were needed to force a title game. In 1994 —the last year of the Bowl Coalition— undefeated Penn State, from the Big Ten, played Oregon in the Rose Bowl while undefeated Nebraska played Miami in the Orange Bowl. In a system that paired top-ranked teams, Penn State would have played Nebraska for the national championship.
The Bowl Coalition was restructured into the Bowl Alliance for the 1995 season, involving five conferences (reduced to four for the 1996 season) and three bowls (Fiesta, Sugar, and Orange). The championship game rotated among these three bowls. It still did not, however, include the Pac-10 or Big Ten champions, the Rose Bowl, or any non-Bowl Alliance teams.
After a protracted round of negotiations, the Bowl Alliance was reformed into the Bowl Championship Series for the 1998 season; former Southeastern Conference commissioner Roy Kramer is considered to be the "father" of the BCS. The Tournament of Roses Association agreed to release the Big Ten and Pac-10 champions if it was necessary to force a national championship game. In return, the Rose Bowl was added to the yearly national championship rotation, and the game was able to keep its coveted exclusive TV time slot on the afternoon of New Year's Day. However, beginning with the 2006 season, the BCS National Championship Game became a separate event played at the same site as a host bowl a week following New Year's Day. The new Bowl Championship Series not only included the Big Ten and the Pac-10 conferences but also teams from mid-major conferences, based on performance.
No mid-major team, however, or team from any conference outside of the six aligned conferences (with the exception of independent Notre Dame, who played Alabama for the 2012 title), had ever played in the BCS Championship Game, causing increasing controversy. This controversy had become even more intense in light of the 4–1 record that mid-major teams had against teams from the six automatic qualifying conferences in the BCS Bowl games they had been allowed to play in. The performances and perfect record of Texas Christian in the 2010 season and Boise State in the season prior to that also fueled the controversy surrounding the perceived inequalities that the BCS seemed to perpetuate (see BCS Controversies below or in this more detailed separate article). However, little headway was made to institute an alternative system like a playoffs tournament, given the entrenched vested economic interests in the various bowls, until after the 2011 season, which saw LSU and Alabama, both members of the SEC West division, play each other in the 2012 BCS Championship game, where Alabama defeated LSU in a shutout win. Thereafter, acknowledging the many game, polling, and other related controversies, fans' complaints, and declining game viewership, among other factors, the major conferences decided to institute the College Football Playoff, which began after the 2014 regular season.
As a legal entity, the holding company "BCS Properties, LLC" continues to control the College Football Playoff.
The College Football Playoff replaced the BCS as the system used to determine the FBS college football champion beginning in the 2014 season. The four-team playoffs consist of two semifinal games, with the winners advancing to the College Football Championship Game. The game is hosted by a different city each year, with locations selected by bids, akin to the Super Bowl or the Final Four. AT&T Stadium hosted the first title game in 2015. The system is contracted to be in place through at least the 2025–2026 season per a contract with ESPN, which owns the rights to broadcast all games. Unlike the BCS, the system does not use polls or computer rankings to select participants. A 13-member committee chooses and seeds the teams for the two playoff games and four other top-tier bowl games, using a balloting procedure similar to the NCAA basketball tournament selection process.
In the BCS format, four regular bowl games and the National Championship Game were considered "BCS bowl games." The four bowl games were the Rose Bowl Game in Pasadena, California, the Sugar Bowl in New Orleans, the Fiesta Bowl in Glendale, Arizona, and the Orange Bowl in Miami Gardens, Florida.
In the first eight seasons of the BCS contract, the championship game was rotated among the four bowls, with each bowl game hosting the national championship once every four years. Starting with the 2007 BCS, the National Championship Games became a separate game played on January 8 at the site of the BCS bowl game that served as the final game on January 1, or January 2 if January 1 was a Sunday.
The University of Oklahoma and Ohio State University are the only schools to appear in all five BCS Bowls. Oklahoma played in the 2007, 2008, and 2011 Fiesta Bowl, the 2004 (national championship) and 2014 Sugar Bowl, the 2001 and 2005 Orange Bowl (both of which were national championships), the 2003 Rose Bowl, and the 2009 BCS National Championship Game. Oklahoma's record was 4–5 with a 1–3 record in National Title games. Ohio State played in the 2003 (national championship), 2004, 2006, and 2009 Fiesta Bowl, the 1999 and 2011 Sugar Bowl*, the 2014 Orange Bowl, the 2010 Rose Bowl, and the 2007 and 2008 BCS National Championship Game. Ohio State's record was 6*-4, with a 1-2 record in National Title Games. The University of Miami appeared in every BCS bowl except for the standalone National Championship Game, although Miami did appear in the national championship when that designation was assigned to the original four bowls in rotation. Miami played in the 2001 Sugar Bowl, 2002 Rose Bowl (national championship), 2003 Fiesta Bowl (national championship), and 2004 Orange Bowl.
* Ohio State won the 2011 Sugar Bowl, but vacated their appearance and victory due to NCAA penalties and sanctions for impermissible acceptance of monetary gifts.
Initially, ABC held the rights to all four original BCS games, picking up the Fiesta and Orange Bowls from their former homes at CBS, and continuing their lengthy relationships with the Rose and Sugar Bowls. This relationship continued through the bowl games of January 2006.
From the 2006–07 season through the 2009–10 season, Fox Sports held the rights to the BCS games with the exception of the Rose Bowl, as the Tournament of Roses Association elected to continue its association with ABC. Under the terms of the contract, Fox aired three of the four BCS National Championship Games that were played during the time. The only exception was the 2010 contest, which aired on ABC as per its contracts with the Rose Bowl and Tournament of Roses Association.
After the January 2010 bowl games, the contract to air the BCS moved exclusively to ESPN. The network carried the BCS until its dissolution following the 2013–14 season; after that, the four former BCS bowls became part of the College Football Playoff, while ESPN retained their coverage of the contests.
A set of rules was used to determine which teams competed in the BCS bowl games.Certain teams were given automatic berths depending on their BCS ranking and conference, as follows:
No more than two teams from any one conference could receive berths in BCS games, unless two non-champions from an AQ conference finished as the top two teams in the final BCS standings, in which case they met in the National Title Game while their conference champion played in their conference's BCS bowl game.
The champion of an AQ Conference (ACC, Big 12, Big East/The American, Big Ten, Pac-10/Pac-12, and SEC) was guaranteed an automatic BCS bowl bid.
Due to the "Notre Dame rule", independent Notre Dame received an automatic berth if it finished in the top eight. Other independents were not covered under this rule.
From the 1999 season onwards, the highest ranked non-champion in an AQ conference received an automatic berth, provided it was ranked in the top 4 and its conference did not already receive two automatic berths from the above rules. If the highest ranked non-champion was in the top 2 and thus played in the championship game, this provision extended to the highest ranked non-champion outside the top 2.
From the 2006 season onwards, the highest-ranked champion of a non-AQ conference (Big West, C-USA, MAC, Mountain West, Sun Belt, and WAC) received an automatic berth if:
It was ranked in the top 16 and higher than at least one AQ conference champion.After the automatic berths were granted, the remaining berths, known as "at-large" berths, were filled from a pool of FBS teams who were ranked in the top 14 and had at least nine wins. The actual teams chosen for the at-large berths were determined by the individual bowl committees. Teams from both AQ and non-AQ conferences were eligible for at-large berths.
If there were not enough teams eligible for at-large selection to fill the BCS bowl games, then the remaining at-large teams would have been any FBS teams that were bowl-eligible, had won at least nine regular-season games, and were among the top 18 teams in the final BCS standings. If there were still not enough teams, the pool for potential at-larges continued to increase by four teams until enough teams were available.
All AQ conferences except the Big East/The American had contracts for their champions to participate in specific BCS bowl games. Unless their champion was involved in the BCS National Championship game, the conference tie-ins were:
If the Pac-10/Pac-12 or Big Ten champion was picked for the BCS National Championship Game, then the Rose Bowl was required to choose the highest-ranked school from a non-AQ conference if there was a non-AQ school ranked at least #4 in the final BCS standings. This was the case in 2010, when the #2 Oregon Ducks made it to the national championship, permitting the #3 TCU Horned Frogs to attend, and win, the 2011 Rose Bowl. The Rose Bowl was permitted to override this provision if it had been used within the previous four seasons. 
As agreed by all 11 conferences, the results of the 2004–07 regular seasons were evaluated to determine which conferences earned automatic qualification for the BCS games that concluded 2008–11 seasons. Three criteria were used: Rank of the highest-ranked team, rank of all conference teams, and number of teams in the top 25. The six conferences which met that standard were the AQ conferences. The 2008–11 seasons were used to determine if another conference achieved automatic qualification, or a conference that had AQ status lost it, for the BCS games that concluded the 2012 and 2013 seasons.
For the portions of the ranking that were determined by polls and computer-generated rankings, the BCS used a series of Borda counts to arrive at its overall rankings. This was an example of using a voting system to generate a complete ordered list of winners from both human and computer-constructed votes. Obtaining a fair ranking system was a difficult mathematical problem and numerous algorithms were proposed for ranking college football teams in particular. One example was the "random-walker rankings" studied by applied mathematicians Thomas Callaghan, Peter Mucha, and Mason Porter that employed the science of networks.
The BCS formula calculated the top 25 teams in poll format. After combining a number of factors, a final point total was created and the teams that received the 25 lowest scores were ranked in descending order. The factors were:
Poll average: Both the AP and ESPN-USA Today coaches polls were averaged to make a number which is the poll average.
Computer average: An average of the rankings of a team in three different computer polls were gathered (Jeff Sagarin/USA Today, Anderson & Hester/Seattle Times, and The New York Times), with a 50% adjusted maximum deviation factor. (For instance, if the computers had ranked a team third, fifth, and twelfth, the poll which ranked the team twelfth would be adjusted to rank the team sixth.)
Strength of Schedule: This was the team's NCAA rank in strength of schedule divided by 25. A team's strength of schedule was calculated by win/loss record of opponents (66.6%) and cumulative win/loss record of team's opponents' opponents (33.3%). The team who played the toughest schedule was given .04 points, second toughest .08 points, and so on.Margin of victory was a key component in the decision of the computer rankings to determine the BCS standings.
Losses: One point was added for every loss the team has suffered during the season. All games are counted, including Kickoff Classics and conference title games.Before the 1999–2000 season, five more computer rankings were added to the system: Richard Billingsley, Richard Dunkel, Kenneth Massey, Herman Matthews/Scripps Howard, and David Rothman. The lowest ranking was dropped and the remainder averaged.
Beginning in 2001, The Peter Wolfe and Wes Colley/Atlanta Journal-Constitution computer rankings were used in place of the NYT and Dunkel rankings. The change was made because the BCS wanted computer rankings that did not depend heavily on margin of victory. The highest and lowest rankings were discarded, and the remainder averaged. A team's poll average, computer average, strength of schedule points, and losses were added to create a subtotal.
Also in 2001, a quality win component was added. If a team beat a team which was in the top 15 in the BCS standings, a range of 1.5 to .1 points was subtracted from their total. Beating the No. 1 ranked team resulted in a subtraction of 1.5-point, beating the No. 2 team resulted in a deduction of 1.4 points, and so on. Beating the No. 15 ranked team would have resulted in a deduction of .1 points. A team would only be awarded for a quality win once if it beat a Top 10 team more than once (such as in the regular season and a conference championship game), and quality wins were determined using a team's current subtotal, not the ranking when the game was played. The subtotal ranks were used to determine quality win deductions to create a team's final score.
The BCS continued to purge ranking systems which included margin of victory, causing the removal of the Matthews and Rothman ratings before the 2002 season. Sagarin provided a BCS-specific formula that did not include margin of victory, and The New York Times index returned in a form without margin of victory considerations. In addition, a new computer ranking, the Wesley Colley Matrix, was added. The lowest ranking was dropped and the remaining six averaged. Also in 2002, the quality win component was modified such that the deduction for beating the No. 1 team in the BCS would be 1.0, declining by 0.1 increments until beating the 10th ranked team at 0.1. Teams on probation were not included in the BCS standings, but quality win points were given to teams who beat teams on probation as if they were ranked accordingly in the BCS.
In response to the controversy created by the voters in the AP poll naming USC as the No. 1 ranked team at the end of 2003, when the BCS system had selected LSU and Oklahoma to play for the title, the formula was rewritten. Supporters of USC and the media in general criticized the fact that polls were not weighted more heavily than computer rankings and this criticism led to the new three part algorithm.
AP Poll (2004) / Harris Interactive Poll (2005–2013): A team's score in the poll was divided by the maximum number of points any team would have received if all voting members had ranked that team as Number 1.
Coaches' Poll: A team's score in the Coaches' poll was divided by the maximum number of points any team would have received if all voting members had ranked that team as Number 1.
Computer Average: The BCS used six ranking systems: Jeff Sagarin, Anderson & Hester, Richard Billingsley, Colley Matrix, Kenneth Massey, and Dr. Peter Wolfe. Points were assigned in inverse order of ranking from 1 to 25. A team's highest and lowest computer ranking was discarded from figuring a team's computer poll average. The four remaining computer scores were averaged and the total was calculated as a percentage of 100.All three components – The Harris Interactive Poll, the USA Today Coaches Poll, and the computer rankings – were added together and averaged for a team's ranking in the BCS standings. The team with the highest average ranked first in the BCS standings.
This system placed twice as much emphasis on polls than computer rankings (since there were two polls and an average of six computer rankings) and made it highly unlikely that the top team in both polls would be denied a place in the title game, as it happened in the 2003–04 season.
The BCS formula for the 2005–06 season was the same as 2004–05, except that the Harris Interactive College Football Poll replaced the AP poll. [2] [3] The Harris Interactive College Football Poll's maximum point value was 2,825 and for the Coaches' Poll, it was 1,550. The Harris Interactive College Football Poll was created expressly to replace the AP Poll after the Associated Press refused the use of its poll as a component of the BCS formula following the 2004 season. Before the 2006–07 season, the maximum point value of the Harris Poll was increased to 2,850 and the USA Today/Coaches' Poll was increased to 1,575.
In the week of April 20, 2009, Bowl Championship Series commissioners met for its annual spring meetings in Pasadena, California in conjunction with the Rose Bowl's staging the 2010 BCS title game. The commissioners considered a proposal from the Mountain West Conference, which would have established an eight-team playoff and provided better accesses to the four BCS bowl games for the five conferences that did not have automatic bids. The proposal also included a motion to replace the BCS rankings with a selection and a motion to change the automatic qualifier criteria to better reflect inter-conference performance. The BCS rejected the proposal in June 2009, citing a "lack of overall support" among the member conferences. Additionally, the proposal was scrutinized by the U.S. Congress, which determined that the BCS was not in violation of any laws or constitutional amendments, although this has since been reconsidered and the BCS is currently under renewed federal anti-trust scrutiny from the Justice Department.In June 2012, the BCS conference commissioners made the announcement that "we have developed a consensus behind a four-team, seeded playoff." This took effect in 2014, as the BCS Presidential Oversight Committee in Washington, D.C. gave its expected final approval a few days later.
The games are listed in chronological order, the rankings reflecting the final BCS standings, and the win-loss data was prior to the BCS Bowls.
Friday, January 1, 1999 – Rose Bowl Game presented by AT&T: No. 9 Wisconsin (10–1, Big Ten champion) 38, No. 5 UCLA (10–1, Pac-10 champion) 31
Friday, January 1, 1999 – Nokia Sugar Bowl: No. 4 Ohio State (10–1, At-large) 24, No. 6 Texas A&M (11–2, Big 12 champion) 14
Saturday, January 2, 1999 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 8 Florida (9–2, At-large) 31, No. 15 Syracuse (8–3, Big East champion) 10
Monday, January 4, 1999 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl, (National Championship): No. 1 Tennessee (12–0, BCS No. 1, SEC champion) 23, No. 2 Florida State (11–1, BCS No. 2, ACC champion) 16
Saturday, January 1, 2000 – Rose Bowl Game presented by AT&T: No. 7 Wisconsin (9–2, Big Ten champion) 17, No. 22 Stanford (8–3, Pac-10 champion) 9
Saturday, January 1, 2000 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 8 Michigan (9–2, At-large) 35, No. 4 Alabama (10–2, SEC champion) 34 (OT)
Sunday, January 2, 2000 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 3 Nebraska (11–1, Big 12 champion) 31, No. 5 Tennessee (9–2, At-large) 21
Tuesday, January 4, 2000 – Nokia Sugar Bowl (National Championship): No. 1 Florida State (11–0, BCS No. 1, ACC champion) 46, No. 2 Virginia Tech (11–0, BCS No. 2, Big East champion) 29
Monday, January 1, 2001 – Rose Bowl Game presented by AT&T: No. 4 Washington (10–1, Pac-10 champion) 34, No. 17 Purdue (8–3, Big Ten champion) 24
Monday, January 1, 2001 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 6 Oregon State (10–1, At-large) 41, No. 11 Notre Dame (9–2, At-large) 9
Tuesday, January 2, 2001 – Nokia Sugar Bowl: No. 3 Miami (FL) (10–1, Big East champion) 37, No. 7 Florida (10–2, SEC champion) 20
Wednesday, January 3, 2001 – FedEx Orange Bowl (National Championship): No. 1 Oklahoma (11–0, BCS No. 1, Big 12 champion) 13, No. 2 Florida State (10–1, BCS No. 2, ACC champion) 2
Tuesday, January 1, 2002 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 4 Oregon (10–1, Pac-10 champion) 38, No. 3 Colorado (10–2, Big 12 champion) 16
Tuesday, January 1, 2002 – Nokia Sugar Bowl: No. 13 LSU (9–3, SEC champion) 47, No. 8 Illinois (10–1, Big Ten champion) 34
Wednesday, January 2, 2002 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 5 Florida (9–2, At-large) 56, No. 10 Maryland (10–1, ACC champion) 23
Thursday, January 3, 2002 – Rose Bowl Game presented by AT&T (National Championship): No. 1 Miami (FL) (11–0, BCS No. 1, Big East champion) 37, No. 2 Nebraska (11–1, BCS No. 2, Automatic) 14
Wednesday, January 1, 2003 – Rose Bowl Game presented by PlayStation 2: No. 7 Oklahoma (11–2, Big 12 champion) 34, No. 6 Washington State (10–2, Pac-10 champion) 14
Wednesday, January 1, 2003 – Nokia Sugar Bowl: No. 3 Georgia (12–1, SEC champion) 26, No. 14 Florida State (9–4, ACC champion) 13
Thursday, January 2, 2003 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 4 Southern California (10–2, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 38, No. 5 Iowa (11–1, At-large) 17
Friday, January 3, 2003 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl (National Championship): No. 2 Ohio State (13–0, BCS No. 2, Big Ten champion) 31, No. 1 Miami (FL) (12–0, BCS No. 1, Big East champion) 24 (2 OT)
Thursday, January 1, 2004 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Citi: No. 3 Southern California (11–1, Pac-10 champion) 28, No. 4 Michigan (10–2, Big Ten champion) 14
Thursday, January 1, 2004 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 9 Miami (FL) (10–2, Big East champion) 16, No. 7 Florida State (10–2, ACC champion) 14
Friday, January 2, 2004 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 5 Ohio State (10–2, At-large) 35, No. 10 Kansas State (11–3, Big 12 champion) 28
Sunday, January 4, 2004 – Nokia Sugar Bowl (National Championship) No. 2 LSU (12–1, BCS No. 2, SEC champion) 21, No. 1 Oklahoma (12–1, BCS No. 1, Automatic) 14‡‡ Though winning the BCS National Championship, the LSU Tigers were not consensus national champions. The USC Trojans ended the regular season ranked No. 3 in the final BCS standings, with three Coaches Poll voting coaches defecting from their agreement with the BCS to vote its designated game winner as champion, instead voting for USC. USC was voted No. 1 in the Associated Press poll, and the AP awarded USC their National Championship. The 2003 Season therefore ended with split champions which is what the BCS was organized to prevent. Because of this split championship, significant changes were made to the BCS formula for the 2004–05 season.
Saturday, January 1, 2005 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Citi: No. 4 Texas (10–1, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 38, No. 13 Michigan (9–2, Big Ten champion) 37
Saturday, January 1, 2005 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 6 Utah (11–0, MWC champion, Automatic non-AQ) 35, No. 21 Pittsburgh (8–3, Big East champion) 7
Monday, January 3, 2005 – Nokia Sugar Bowl: No. 3 Auburn (12–0, SEC champion) 16, No. 8 Virginia Tech (10–2, ACC champion) 13
Tuesday, January 4, 2005 – FedEx Orange Bowl (National Championship): No. 1 Southern California* (12–0, BCS No. 1, Pac-10 champion) 55, No. 2 Oklahoma (12–0, BCS No. 2, Big 12 champion) 19* USC later vacated the win
Monday, January 2, 2006 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 4 Ohio State (9–2, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 34, No. 6 Notre Dame (9–2, Automatic) 20
Monday, January 2, 2006 – Nokia Sugar Bowl: No. 11 West Virginia (10–1, Big East champion) 38, No. 7 Georgia (10–2, SEC champion) 35
Tuesday, January 3, 2006 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 3 Penn State (10–1, Big Ten champion) 26, No. 22 Florida State (8–4, ACC champion) 23 (3 OT)
Wednesday, January 4, 2006 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Citi (National Championship): No. 2 Texas (12–0, BCS No. 2, Big 12 champion) 41, No. 1 Southern California (12–0, BCS No. 1, Pac-10 champion) 38
Monday, January 1, 2007 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Citi: No. 5 Southern California (10–2, Pac-10 champion) 32, No. 3 Michigan (11–1, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 18
Monday, January 1, 2007 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 8 Boise State (12–0, WAC champion, Automatic non-AQ) 43, No. 10 Oklahoma (11–2, Big 12 champion) 42 (OT)
Tuesday, January 2, 2007 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 6 Louisville (11–1, Big East champion) 24, No. 14 Wake Forest (11–2, ACC champion) 13
Wednesday, January 3, 2007 – Allstate Sugar Bowl: No. 4 LSU (10–2, At-large) 41, No. 11 Notre Dame (10–2, At-large) 14
Monday, January 8, 2007 – Tostitos BCS National Championship: No. 2 Florida (11–1, BCS No. 2, SEC champion) 41, No. 1 Ohio State (12–0, BCS No. 1, Big Ten champion) 14
Tuesday, January 1, 2008 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Citi: No. 7 Southern California (10–2, Pac-10 champion) 49, No. 13 Illinois (9–3, At-large) 17
Tuesday, January 1, 2008 – Allstate Sugar Bowl: No. 5 Georgia (10–2, At-large) 41, No. 10 Hawaii (12–0, WAC champion, Automatic non-AQ) 10
Wednesday, January 2, 2008 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 9 West Virginia (10–2, Big East champion) 48, No. 4 Oklahoma (11–2, Big 12 champion) 28
Thursday, January 3, 2008 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 8 Kansas (11–1, At-large) 24, No. 3 Virginia Tech (11–2, ACC champion) 21
Monday, January 7, 2008 – Allstate BCS National Championship: No. 2 LSU (11–2, BCS No. 2, SEC champion), 38, No. 1 Ohio State (11–1, BCS No. 1, Big Ten champion) 24
Thursday, January 1, 2009 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Citi: No. 5 Southern California (11–1, Pac-10 champion) 38, No. 8 Penn State (11–1, Big Ten champion) 24
Thursday, January 1, 2009 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 19 Virginia Tech (9–4, ACC champion) 20, No. 12 Cincinnati (11–2, Big East champion) 7
Friday, January 2, 2009 – Allstate Sugar Bowl: No. 6 Utah (12–0, MWC champion, Automatic non-AQ) 31, No. 4 Alabama (12–1, At-large) 17
Monday, January 5, 2009 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 3 Texas (11–1, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 24, No. 10 Ohio State (10–2, At-large) 21
Thursday, January 8, 2009 – FedEx BCS National Championship: No. 2 Florida (12–1, BCS No. 2, SEC champion) 24, vs. No. 1 Oklahoma (12–1, BCS No. 1, Big 12 champion) 14
Friday, January 1, 2010 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Citi: No. 8 Ohio State (10–2, Big Ten champion) 26, No. 7 Oregon (10–2, Pac-10 champion) 17
Friday January 1, 2010 – Allstate Sugar Bowl: No. 5 Florida (12–1, At-large) 51, No. 3 Cincinnati (12–0, Big East champion) 24
Monday, January 4, 2010 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 6 Boise State (13–0, WAC champion, At-large) 17, No. 4 TCU (12–0, MWC champion, Automatic non-AQ) 10
Tuesday, January 5, 2010 – FedEx Orange Bowl: No. 10 Iowa (10–2, At-large) 24 vs No. 9 Georgia Tech (10–2, ACC champion) 14
Thursday, January 7, 2010 – Citi BCS National Championship: No. 1 Alabama (13–0, BCS No. 1, SEC champion) 37 vs No. 2 Texas (13–0, BCS No. 2, Big 12 champion) 21
Saturday, January 1, 2011 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio: No. 3 TCU (12–0, MWC champion, Automatic non-AQ) 21 vs. No. 5 Wisconsin (11–1, Big Ten champion) 19
Saturday, January 1, 2011 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 7 Oklahoma (11–2, Big 12 champion) 48 vs. Connecticut (8–4, Big East champion) 20
Monday, January 3, 2011 – Discover Orange Bowl: No. 4 Stanford (11–1, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 40 vs. No. 13 Virginia Tech (11–2, ACC champion) 12
Tuesday, January 4, 2011 – Allstate Sugar Bowl: No. 6 Ohio State* (11–1, At-Large) 31 vs. No. 8 Arkansas (10–2, At-Large) 26
Monday, January 10, 2011 – Tostitos BCS National Championship: No. 1 Auburn (13–0, BCS No. 1, SEC champion) 22 vs. No. 2 Oregon (12–0, BCS No. 2, Pac-10 champion) 19* Ohio State later vacated the win
Monday, January 2, 2012 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio: No. 5 Oregon (11–2, Pac-12 champion) 45 vs. No. 10 Wisconsin (11–2, Big Ten champion) 38
Monday, January 2, 2012 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 3 Oklahoma State (11–1, Big 12 champion) 41 vs. No. 4 Stanford (11–1, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 38 (OT)
Tuesday, January 3, 2012 – Allstate Sugar Bowl: No. 13 Michigan (10–2, At-Large) 23 vs. No. 11 Virginia Tech (11–2, At-Large) 20 (OT)
Wednesday, January 4, 2012 – Discover Orange Bowl: No. 23 West Virginia  (9–3, Big East champion) 70 vs. No. 15 Clemson (10–3, ACC champion) 33
Monday, January 9, 2012 – Allstate BCS National Championship: No. 2 Alabama (11–1, BCS No. 2, Automatic) 21 vs. No. 1 LSU (13–0, BCS No. 1, SEC champion) 0
Tuesday, January 1, 2013 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio: No. 6 Stanford (11–2, Pac-12 champion) 20 vs. Wisconsin (8–5, Big Ten champion) 14
Tuesday, January 1, 2013 – Discover Orange Bowl: No. 12 Florida State (11–2, ACC champion) 31 vs. No. 15 Northern Illinois (12–1, MAC champion, Automatic non-AQ) 10
Wednesday, January 2, 2013 – Allstate Sugar Bowl: No. 21 Louisville (10–2, Big East champion) 33 vs. No. 3 Florida (11–1, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 23
Thursday, January 3, 2013 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl: No. 4 Oregon (11–1, At-Large) 35 vs. No. 5 Kansas State (11–1, Big 12 champion) 17
Monday, January 7, 2013 – Discover BCS National Championship: No. 2 Alabama (12–1, BCS No. 2, SEC champion) 42 vs. No. 1 Notre Dame (12–0, BCS No. 1, Automatic) 14
Wednesday, January 1, 2014 – Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio (Pasadena, California): No. 4 Michigan State (12-1, Big Ten champion) 24 vs. No. 5 Stanford (11-2, Pac-12 champion) 20
Wednesday, January 1, 2014 – Tostitos Fiesta Bowl (Glendale, Arizona): No. 15 UCF (11–1, American Athletic Conference champion) 52 vs. No. 6 Baylor (11-1, Big 12 champion) 42
Thursday, January 2, 2014 – Allstate Sugar Bowl (New Orleans): No. 11 Oklahoma (10–2, At-Large) 45 vs. No. 3 Alabama (11–1, Automatic "3–4 Rule") 31
Friday, January 3, 2014 – Discover Orange Bowl (Miami Gardens, Florida): No. 12 Clemson (10–2, At-Large) 40 vs. No. 7 Ohio State (12–1, At-Large) 35
Monday, January 6, 2014 – Vizio BCS National Championship (Pasadena, California): No. 1 Florida State (13–0, ACC champion) 34 vs. No. 2 Auburn (12–1, SEC champion) 31
* USC's victory in the 2005 Orange Bowl was vacated* Ohio State's victory in the 2011 Sugar Bowl was vacated
The primary criticism of the BCS centered around the validity of the annual BCS national championship pairings and its designated National Champions. Many critics focused on the BCS methodology itself, which employed subjective voting assessments, while others noted the ability for undefeated teams to finish seasons without an opportunity to play in the national championship game. In fact, in the last 6 seasons of Division I FBS football, there had been more undefeated non-BCS champions than undefeated BCS champions. Other criticisms involved discrepancies in the allocation of monetary resources from BCS games, as well as the determination of non-championship BCS game participants, which did not have to comply with the BCS rankings themselves. In the 2010–2011 bowl season, for example, the six automatic-qualifier (AQ) conferences were given $145.2 million in revenue from the BCS while the five non-AQ conferences received only $24.7 million.A recent survey conducted at the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute found that 63% of individuals interested in college football preferred a playoff system to the BCS, while only 26% favored the status quo. President Barack Obama had been vocal about his opposition to the BCS. During an appearance on Monday Night Football during the 2008 presidential campaign season, ESPN's Chris Berman asked Obama to name one thing about sports he would like to change. Obama responded that he did not like using computer rankings to determine bowl games, and he supported having a college football playoffs for the top eight teams. When Steve Kroft asked then-President-elect Obama about the subject during an interview on 60 Minutes, Obama reiterated his support of eight-team playoffs; although he has said it is not a legislative priority.Longtime college football announcer Brent Musburger also voiced his support for playoffs in college football in an interview with the Chicago Sun-Times. "My dream scenario – and it's not going to happen – would be to take eight conference champions, and only conference champions, and play the quarterfinals of a tournament on campuses in mid-December", Musburger said. "The four losers would remain bowl-eligible. The four winners would advance to semifinals on New Year's Day with exclusive TV windows. Then, like now, one week later, there would be the national championship game."
In 2008, a lawsuit was threatened due to the exclusion of teams from the non-automatic qualifying conferences in the BCS system. Following Utah's win over Alabama in the 2009 Sugar Bowl, Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff announced an inquiry into whether the BCS system violates federal anti-trust laws. In 2009, senior Utah senator Orrin Hatch announced that he was exploring the possibility of a lawsuit against the BCS as an anti-competitive trust under the Sherman Anti-Trust Act. On November 27, 2009 the Fort Worth Star-Telegram ran a story that said that Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX), ranking member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, announced that he would hold anti-trust hearings on the BCS, again based on the Sherman Anti-Trust Act and its provisions outlawing non-competitive trusts, beginning in May 2010. Meanwhile, various organizations, including the BCS, spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to lobby the federal government both in support and in opposition to a college football playoffs system.According to CBSSports.com wire reports and information obtained by the Associated Press, Senator Orrin Hatch received a letter from the Justice Department concerning the possibility of a legal review of the BCS. The letter, received on January 29, 2010, stated that the Obama administration would explore options to establish a college football playoffs including (a) an anti-trust lawsuit against the BCS, (b) legal action under Federal Trade Commission consumer protection laws, (c) encouragement of the NCAA to take control of the college football postseason, (d) the establishment of an agency to review the costs and benefits of adopting a playoff system, and (e) continued legislation in favor of a playoff system. Assistant Attorney General Ronald Weich wrote, "The administration shares your belief that the lack of a college football national championship playoff ...raises important questions affecting millions...." BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock responded to the letter that the BCS complied with all laws and was supported by the participating Division I universities.In April 2011, Utah attorney general Mark Shurtleff announced he would file an antitrust lawsuit against the BCS for, "serious antitrust violations that are harming taxpayer-funded institutions to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars."  The announcement followed the April 12, 2011 delivery of a letter to the US Department of Justice signed by 21 "high-profile" economists and antitrust experts asking for an investigation into the BCS' anticompetitive practices.
The BCS bowls had been accused of promoting the BCS system because they and their executive officers greatly benefited financially from the system. Bowl executives, such as John Junker of the Fiesta Bowl, were often paid unusually high salaries for employees of non-profit organizations. To promote support for their bowls and the BCS system, these highly-paid executives allegedly gave lavish gifts to politicians, collegiate sports executives, and university athletic directors.In response, a pro-playoff organization, called Playoff PAC, in September 2010 filed a complaint with the Internal Revenue Service. The complaint alleged that the top BCS bowls, with the exception of the Rose Bowl, routinely abused favorable tax status by using charitable donations to give gifts and compensation to college athletic officials. In one example detailed in the complaint, the Orange Bowl treated its executive staff and invited college athletic directors to a four-day Royal Caribbean cruise in which no business meetings were held.
There were several occasions where a team's victory in a BCS bowl game was subsequently vacated by NCAA sanctions.
USC's final appeals were exhausted in the Reggie Bush situation, with all penalties standing, including a two-year bowl ban and vacation of 14 wins, including a national championship in the Orange Bowl and the entire 2005 season. As a result, the BCS, in a first-time action, vacated the participation of USC in their 2004–2005 National Championship Game win and the 2005–2006 National Championship Game loss to Texas. The 2004–2005 BCS National Championship will remain permanently vacant. This issue was further compounded by the Associated Press, whose writers vote on their own National Championship. That title was retained, with the AP staying consistent with similar policies with teams on postseason bans. (Teams being penalized with postseason bans are still eligible for the AP National Championship title.)
In December 2010, five Ohio State University players were implicated in an illegal-benefits scandal preceding the 2011 Sugar Bowl. Though the five players were suspended for five games apiece, they were allowed to play in the Sugar Bowl. After defeating Arkansas, the scandal grew, including open deception by Ohio State coach Jim Tressel. As a result, the school fined Tressel $250,000 and then forced him out as coach on July 11, 2011, Ohio State vacated all of its wins in an effort to reduce their penalties. The NCAA gave Ohio State 3 years probation and reduced their football scholarships by 3 per year for three years. The BCS banned Ohio State from participating in any post season games for the 2012 season.
While there was substantial criticism aimed at the BCS system from coaches, media, and fans alike, there was is also support for the system. Tim Cowlishaw of The Dallas Morning News cited several advantages that the BCS has over a playoff system. Under the BCS, a single defeat was extremely detrimental to a team's prospects for a national championship, although critics pointed out regularly that history shows non-AQ conference teams were hurt far more than AQ conference teams when they lost a game. Supporters contended that this created a substantial incentive for teams to do their best to win every game. Under a proposed playoffs system, front-running teams could be in a position of safety at the end of the regular season and could pull or greatly reduce their use of top players in order to protect them from injuries or give them recovery time (this happens frequently in the NFL). This may have been less likely to happen under the BCS system where a team in the running for a No. 1 or No. 2 ranking at the end of the year would likely have been punished in the polls for a loss, potentially eliminating them from contention.
While the BCS routinely involved controversy about which two teams are the top teams, in rare instances there was a clear-cut top two; the BCS ensured these top two would play each other for the championship. For example, USC and Texas in 2005 were the only undefeated teams; both teams were only tested a couple of times all season and mauled every other opponent they faced by large margins. Had this scenario occurred before the inception of the BCS, the teams would have been unable to play each other due to contractual obligations with the major bowls and there would have been dual national champions. Under the BCS system however, these two teams got to play for the championship.The NCAA, the governing organization of most collegiate sports, had no official process for determining its FBS (Div. 1-A) champion. Instead, FBS champions were chosen by what the NCAA called in its official list of champions "selecting organizations".According to its website, the BCS:
"...[wa]s managed by the commissioners of the 11 NCAA Division I-A conferences, the director of athletics at the University of Notre Dame, and representatives of the bowl organizations.
"...[wa]s a five-game arrangement for post-season college football that [wa]s designed to match the two top-rated teams in a national championship game and to create exciting and competitive match-ups between eight other highly regarded teams in four other games".
The term "BCS Buster" referred to any team other than Notre Dame not from an AQ conference that managed to earn a spot in a BCS bowl game. These teams were often referred to as non-AQ when discussed outside of the post-season structure. Three teams had been BCS Busters twice: the University of Utah, Boise State University, and Texas Christian University. As of the 2013 season, two of those teams had joined Conferences with an automatic bid to a BCS Bowl (Utah to the Pac-12 Conference and Texas Christian to the Big 12 Conference).
The record of non-Automatic Qualifying conference teams in BCS Bowls was one primary statistic used by those who challenged the assumption that BCS AQ conference teams were inherently superior to non-AQ teams, as non-AQ teams had only lost two BCS Bowl games to a BCS AQ team (Hawaii lost the 2008 Sugar Bowl 41–10 to the University of Georgia and Northern Illinois lost the 2013 Orange Bowl to Florida State University) while winning four. Boise State defeated TCU 17–10 in the highly controversial 2010 Fiesta Bowl which was the only BCS Bowl pitting two non-AQ teams against each other rather than against a team from a BCS AQ Conference, making the complete record 5–3. This pairing was cited by critics as the BCS' attempt to prevent a loss (or potentially even two losses) to non-AQ teams in the same year, and as TCU defeated Wisconsin 21–19 in the 2011 Rose Bowl the next year those fears seemed to have been at least partly justified. The experience and results of the non-AQ teams in BCS bowl games had been cited as a strong objective example of a much closer parity between the AQ and non-AQ teams than most AQ teams and fans would have admitted.
With the exception of Notre Dame, it was generally extremely difficult for a non-AQ conference team to reach a BCS bowl, while it was much easier for an AQ conference team (see rules above) to do so due to the inherent bias built into the rules of the BCS system which guaranteed a spot to the winner of each of the AQ Conferences. All AQ Conference teams had to do was simply win their respective conference title and they were automatically invited to a BCS Bowl. This made becoming a BCS Buster very noteworthy. Despite the fact that there had been a number of eligible non-AQ conference teams, only eight teams (from only five schools – Utah, TCU, Boise State, Hawaii, and Northern Illinois) had succeeded in becoming BCS Busters. No team from a non-AQ conference had ever been in the BCS Championship, while a team from the SEC had been in—and won—the Championship game every year from 2006 to 2012. This consistent selection of one conference's teams (despite their success) had been one area of intense criticism of the BCS system and its exclusionary tendencies.
The University of Utah became the first BCS Buster in 2004 after an undefeated season, despite stricter limits in place before the addition of a 5th bowl in 2006 made BCS Busters more commonplace. The Utes played in the 2005 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl, and beat their opponent, the Pittsburgh Panthers, 35–7. Utah also became the first non-AQ program to make a second BCS appearance. During the 2008 season, the Utes finished their regular season schedule undefeated (8–0 in the Mountain West Conference and 12–0 overall) and earned a berth in the Sugar Bowl against Alabama, winning 31–17. The Utes finished 2nd in the AP Poll and received 16 first place votes. In the 2011 season, the Utes began competing as members of the Pac-12 Conference, one of the six conferences with an automatic BCS tie in.
In 2006, Boise State became the second BCS Buster after a 12–0 regular season and subsequent Fiesta Bowl berth against the Oklahoma Sooners. The Broncos won 43–42 in overtime in what many fans, pundits, and others consider to be one of the best Bowl games in history.
In 2007, Hawaii also finished the regular season at 12–0, but were defeated by the Georgia Bulldogs 41–10 in the Sugar Bowl. This was the first loss by a BCS Buster.
The 2009 season was the first in which two teams from non–AQ conferences earned BCS bowl berths. TCU, which finished the regular season 12–0 as champions of the Mountain West, earned the automatic BCS berth with a No. 4 finish in the final BCS rankings. Two slots behind the Horned Frogs were WAC champions Boise State, which finished at 13–0 for its second consecutive unbeaten regular season and fourth in six years. Boise State became the first and (so far) only BCS Buster to reach a BCS bowl game with an at-large selection. The Broncos defeated the Frogs 17–10 in the 2010 Fiesta Bowl, which marked the first BCS matchup between non-AQ schools, and the first time in BCS history that two unbeaten teams met in a BCS game other than the title match. This pairing created considerable controversy as the AQ conferences and the selection committees were accused of cowardice, pairing the two BCS Busters against each other so that the risk of AQ conference teams losing was eliminated.
In 2010, TCU was the only non–AQ conference team to get a BCS bowl berth. Boise State was ranked in the top five for most of the season, but a late-season overtime loss to Nevada knocked the Broncos out of serious contention for a BCS bowl bid, despite their continuing eligibility. TCU would defeat Wisconsin 21–19 in the 2011 Rose Bowl, once again calling into question the claim of AQ conference superiority. There was a movement to lobby those voting in the AP poll, which is not bound to vote for the BCS Championship winner as the Coaches Poll is, to vote TCU first and split the National Championship. While TCU got a few first place votes, this effort did not change the outcome of the AP poll, and TCU ended up in the No. 2 spot in all of the final major polls. As Utah had already done, TCU soon joined a conference with an automatic BCS tie, namely the Big 12 Conference (home of several other former members of the Southwest Conference, which TCU competed in for over 70 years) beginning with the 2012 season.
In 2012, Northern Illinois (NIU) became the first BCS Buster with a regular-season loss. NIU was also the first BCS Buster to qualify automatically with a ranking between 13 and 16 (and higher ranked than at least one AQ-Conference Champion); NIU was ranked higher than two AQ-Conference Champions (Big Ten and Big East). They were selected for the 2013 Orange Bowl, where they were defeated by the Florida State Seminoles, 31-10. NIU is the first BCS Buster team from a conference other than the Mountain West or Western Athletic Conferences to play in a BCS Bowl game.
BCS Busters were 5–3 in BCS bowls, and 4–2 in BCS bowls against opponents from AQ conferences. Utah and TCU joined AQ conferences after their repeated appearances as BCS Busters; Boise State, Hawaii, and NIU had not (as of January 2014).
The following table shows all 18 teams that were eligible to become BCS Busters, including the eight that succeeded. (The entries are ordered by year and sorted according to the BCS Rank within each year.)
Oriard, Michael (2009). Bowled Over: Big-Time College Football from the Sixties to the BCS Era. The University of North Carolina Press. ISBN 978-0-8078-3329-2.
Fidelity Manor High School is the only African-American High School to have ever existed in the Independent School District of Galena Park, Texas. Officially opened in January 1955 under the direction of Principal Arthur C. Lilly, in 1970 the school district integrated the school's pupils into Galena Park High School and closed both the Fidelity elementary and high schools.
The history of Fidelity Manor High School predates its 1955 opening as rudimentary records indicate that within the Harris County Common School District, Clinton Colored School existed in District 16 of what was then the city of Clinton, Texas as early as 1886.  Clinton renamed itself Galena Park in 1936 when a petition submitted to the federal government for a post office revealed that the name Clinton already existed in the state.  From 1886 until about 1922, there were at least two other schools designated for African-American children besides Clinton Colored School: Greens Bayou and Penn City.  By 1916, District 16’s Colored Schools saw the teaching of black children shared between Gladys Washington, Edna Griffin and long-term educator Mrs. Edna Hubbard.  Mrs. Hubbard’s husband, O. L. Hubbard, went on to found the first school in  Independence Heights, Houston, an incorporated community proposed for the settlement of blacks. Rosa Young Yacome and Clara Jones were the only instructors in the Harris County Common School District 16 for non-white school children by 1919. Rosa Young Yacome, the highest paid African-American instructor at $50.00 a month, lived west of the Fidelity addition in 1920.However, by 1922, the "Colored School" building located near the corner of East Street and Main Street in the black enclave of the Clinton community had as its principal and only instructor Ms. Freddie A. Emerson. As well as the hard work involved in teaching multiple grades, Emerson also faced a daily commute from her home in Harrisburg. She boarded a ferry daily on the south bank of the Buffalo Bayou, in order to cross the water to Clinton. Emerson lived only a short walk from the hand-pulled ferry to Johnson’s Landing on the north side of the bayou, from where she would take a well-worn footpath to the black quarters located on South Main St., Clinton. White students who traveled to Harrisburg used this same ferry route to reach  Milby High School,  while others used this method to get to Harrisburg before catching a trolleybus to Houston.
In their book Galena Park: The Community that Shaped its own History, Roger Leslie and Sue Elkins Edwards suggest that the white Clinton School building was relocated in 1924 to the Fidelity Addition. A Sentinel newspaper staff writer states that the school was sold to a black church congregation and moved to a location on Avenue D and Main Street in the black quarter. However, Harris County Block Book records indicate that the Colored School on East Street and Main Street remained as a tax-exempt building until 1931, when one of the two lots it occupied was sold while the Galena Park Independent School District remained in control of lot 9. Records show that in the same year a school building became exempt from taxes on the Fidelity site on Bolden St.   Whether or not folklore has become mixed up with actual history, the Fidelity School did exist on Bolden Street. Two years previously in 1930, the Galena Park Independent School District (GPISD) had become an official body and their placing of a facility at the Fidelity site was the second act designed to nurture African-American student education. The GPISD's ownership of two lots on East Street and their tax exempt status suggest that the body or its antecedents had begun providing education to black children eight years before it became an independent school district.
This school housed eight grade levels and offered courses in science, reading, writing, math, agriculture, and home economics. The classes contained twenty to thirty pupils almost equally spread across the various age groups. All were taught the same courses — reading writing and arithmetic. Children had near one-on-one instruction as they each had to approach the instructor’s desk and read aloud.  In 1931 Mrs. Emerson taught classes alongside her colleague Laura Bailey.The Fidelity School then experienced growing pains whereupon the GPISD board authorized removal of a partition between two rooms of the school. Mrs. Emerson was re-elected to the position of principal and Laura Bailey was also re-elected by the board.  The board also authorized the superintendent to add one additional African American teacher to the staff of the school. By 1937, the GPISD realized that both white and black school populations were still growing and petitioned the state for $85,000,  $1000 to $2000 of which was to be used to add two more rooms to the one-room Fidelity School. The old white elementary school was abandoned in 1938 when the GPISD built a new facility. When subsequent improvements to the Fidelity school proved necessary, lumber from the abandoned white student school was used to add two rooms to the one-room facility.While much of the stability and growth of the Fidelity School was tethered to the growth and development of Clinton, Fidelity had additional problems inherent in the make up of the African-American community, which was splintered by the demographics of the area.  One part of the black community lived in the southern portion of Clinton while the other was located several miles away in a thinly populated neighborhood along the two-block wide five-mile long Burns Road. The Fidelity Addition took its name from the Fidelity Shipyard located a few hundred yards from Fidelity or Burns Road. To add to the diversity of those demographics, blacks also lived in section houses spread further west along Clinton Drive near McCarty Drive.  The men of these families worked for the railroad that formed part of the terminus along the port at Clinton.By 1947, the African-American population had grown to the point where more teachers were employed to meet the educational needs of the black-student population.  The hiring of Mr. Arthur C. Lilly in 1947 proved significant – he would become the only principal of the junior/senior high school.  Mrs. Freddie Sandle had carried out most of the teaching for more than twenty years.  Fidelity School was still an eight grade school, but by 1947 it had been expanded to include ten classrooms, a library, an office, a music room, a softball field and a bus parking area.Once students finished the eighth grade, they were bussed to Phillis Wheatley High School in Houston in order to finish their secondary education.  In 1934, the GPISD passed a motion to pay Jason Humber $40.00 a month to transport the African American children to Houston to attend high school that year. Before 1949, students only had to finish the eleventh grade to get a high school diploma and most students who attended Wheatley from Fidelity had already taken algebra so they were able to skip a grade.The commuter system was a troublesome process, therefore Mr. Arthur C. Lilly petitioned the GPISD to allow the school to add one grade a year until it possessed twelve grades.  In the 1953–1954 school year, the first graduating class of five students matriculated from Fidelity School consisting of Nora Eagleton, Marie Nelson, Hilda Guillory, Effie Watts, and Calvin O. White.While Fidelity's number of grades grew, a further factor led to the separation of the elementary and high schools. In 1951, the Galena Park City Council approved the development of a shopping center and a new subdivision of 330 homes priced between $7,400 and $8,000 that would be called the Galena Manor Addition.  The new development was located immediately adjacent to the Fidelity neighborhood. Inasmuch as Galena Manor provided the link between the two black communities of Fidelity and the South Main Street area of Galena Park, its 330 new families gave a direct boost to the school’s population.
The GPISD ordered the building of two ultra-modern school buildings, the junior/senior high school and the elementary school. The high school opened in January 1955 and Mr. Arthur C. Lilly became its first and only principal.  Built adjacent to the high school, the elementary school opened in September 1956 and Mrs. Freddie Emerson Sandle, by now the longest employed educator at the Fidelity Schools, became the Principal.  When she retired in 1960, Mr. John T. Lane took over as second principal.
1970 saw the Fidelity Elementary and High Schools close due to court ordered desegregation. Some of the teachers along with the black student population were integrated into other Galena Park schools. The long legacy of the Fidelity Schools ended when a failure to reach consensus by the citizens of Galena Park on the fate of facility led to its demolition in 1986.
The Bath House-The Fidelity Manor Awareness Center-Acquired on March 4, 2008.  Expected completion date of remodeling and opening September 2008.
Born in 1872 to a prosperous Chicago stockyard merchant, Marsh attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, where he worked with artists preparing murals for the Chicago World's Fair in 1893, learning the big brush techniques of mural painting.He went to Paris where in 1895 he married Alice Randall, a fellow Chicago art student. While living in a studio in Montparnasse they had two sons, James and Reginald, both of whom achieved renown as artists. His "Lady in Scarlet", a full-length portrait of his wife, won the International Bronze Medal and was exhibited extensively. It now resides in the Newark Museum in New Jersey.Marsh and his family returned to New York at the turn of the century, moving to Nutley, New Jersey, where they acquired a home located on The Enclosure, a street that had been established as an artists' colony some decades earlier by the American painter Frank Fowler. In 1914 they moved to the well-known New Rochelle artist colony in New Rochelle, New York. Marsh attended Yale University from 1916 through 1920 during which time he worked as Editor of the 'Yale Record'.He created paintings for wealthy clients, as well as a series of murals entitled "Allegories of Industry" for the New York Engineering Society Library. Marsh also produced a number of terra cotta murals entitled "Maritime History of the Hudson" for the Hotel McAlpin in New York, which were later relocated to the New York City subway in 2000. During World War I, he produced patriotic posters for the publicity department of the Navy.Marsh largely retired from commercial art in 1928. During the following year his parents, wife and youngest son all died. In 1930 he married the artist, Mabel Van Alstyne, and in 1931 moved to Ormond Beach, Florida where he built a large Streamline Moderne beachside home known as the "Battleship House" (since demolished) which was extensively decorated with murals and relief sculptures. With assistance from his wife, Marsh continued to create artworks while in Florida, including the statue of "Chief Tomokie" at Tomoka State Park and four sculptures of muses for the exterior of the Peabody Auditorium in Daytona Beach. For the rest of his life, Marsh would also continue to split his time between Ormond Beach and Woodstock, New York.Marsh died on December 20, 1961.
Age of Glory 2 (simplified Chinese: 情牵南洋; traditional Chinese: 情牽南洋; pinyin: qíng qiān nán yang)  is a Chinese drama series which is co-produce by Double Vision and ntv7. It is telecast on every Monday to Thursday, at 10 pm on Malaysia's ntv7 station.
When Age of Glory was first aired in 2008, it unexpectedly became a big hit among local television viewers in Malaysia. The locally produced drama series garnered a record viewership of 800,000, making it the highest-rated local Chinese series for the year across all free-to-air TV channels in the country.
Age of Glory 2 is ntv7's first extravagant locally produced TV series in 2010. The filming works started on 1 March 2010 in Penang. The 40-episode full-length TV nostalgia spans three decades, from the late 1930s to the late 1960s. A total amount of RM3 million was invested in this movie which was filmed in Penang, Taiping, Kuala Selangor and Seremban.
Set in the 1940s, the plot fell between 1938 and 1968, described Malaya in that 30 years, with the turbulent situation in World War II era, the ancestors worked hard from the south of China, where the roots of the hard stories Malaysia will certainly be nostalgic whirlwind television fad, pulling the audience into the various memorable old Nanyang feelings!
Three men will tell how to their life changes from China to Malaysia. The audience this year is certainly will be served with the most anticipated local television production.
Age of Glory 2 is the story about the time when mainland China was in turmoil. The three hardships are Japanese invasion of China, Kuomintang civil strife and inflation. This has led the people from China to emigrate.
At that time, the British were still ruling Malaya, a country rich in natural resources. Malaya has attracted many foreign investors. That's when the British-appointed Chinese leaders - Kapitan. Due to that, exploitation by British had been done to emigrants in labour work, covering mining tin, tapping, port coolies, etc.
Age of Glory 2 lets the audience discover the hardship of Ma Ying (Li Ming Zhong), Yapa (Cai Ke Li) and Lin Sheng (Wu Weibin) leaving home for Malaya to find a new life, and experience difficulty in the Second World War, Japanese and British occupation days, and until the independence of Malaya. They will also met their true love,  Ye Feng (Wu Tianyu), Zheng Peiqi (Shujun) and Qi wanyue (Hishiko Wu Pei). They will experience the ups and downs of life, sadness, hardships, and some realising their dream.
Most of the screen were shot at Penang, such as: Khoo Khongsi, Baba and Nyonya Museum, Chew's Jetty etc.
The costumes in the drama included British Army Uniform and Japanese Army Uniform all were custom made, the opera costume worn by Debbie Goh cost RM 5000.
The UZ in the camera's name refers to Ultra Zoom; 10 times zoom being a significant increase over the more standard three times zoom capability of standard digital cameras.
The lens is an Olympus aspherical glass zoom lens 6.3 – 63mm (37.9-379mm equivalent for 35mm format).  The 10x zoom  is equivalent to 38-380mm in 35mm photography.  The specifications describe it as 11 lenses in 7 groups.
Movies can be recorded without sound and the recording time is dependent on the xD card capacity. They are in QuickTime ( .mov) format.
The camera can use AA batteries (4) including rechargeable batteries.  Alternatively it can take two CR-V3 (LB-01) lithium or Li-Ion batteries.
Image quality issues noted in the review by Steves Digicams were "The overall image quality is quite good but it does exhibit some problems with chromatic aberration (purple fringing) of objects with strong backlighting. This is a problem with all of the "Ultra Zoom" cameras and seems to be very difficult to eliminate when coupling a CCD imager to a long 8x-10x telephoto zoom lens."  The DCRP review noted however that "the extra-low dispersion (ED) lens noticeably reduces purple fringing ... . It doesn't eliminate it, but it's much better than [earlier models]."
Keller, Jeff (2003). "DCRP Review: Olympus C-740 Ultra Zoom". Digital Camera Resource Page. Retrieved 2006-05-04.
Benthofascis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conorbidae.Like other species in the superfamily Conoidea these snails are predatory and venomous, able to inject neurotoxins into their prey with their radula.
This genus was previously included in the family Turridae (subfamily Conorbinae)  and later in the family Conidae. In 2009 Tucker & Tenorio included it in the family Conorbidae.
Sysoev, A. & Bouchet, P. 2001. New and uncommon turriform gastropods (Gastropoda: Conoidea) from the South-West Pacific. Mémoires du Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle. Paris 185: 271-320
Mary Vieira (1927–2001) was a Brazilian sculptor. She was the first Brazilian artist to win the São Paulo Art Biennial (during the second edition). She was born in and brought up in Minas Gerais. She studied with Alberto da Veiga Guignard in Belo Horizonte. In 1947, she exhibited in Belo Horizonte Municipality’s Hall of Brazilian Young Artists.
In 1951, Mary Vieira settled in Europe where she met Italian poet and critic Carlo Belloli. In 1953, the artist is given the Rio de Janeiro’s Museum of Modern Art “Brazilian Sculpture” Award in São Paulo’s 2nd Biennial. Invited by Max Bill, she participates in Swiss Group Allianz’s last exhibition. In 1957, Mary Vieira married Carlo Belloli, intensifying a key intellectual dialog for her aesthetic journey. The couple lived and worked between Switzerland, Italy, and Brazil. In Europe, she delved into her proposals of dynamic shaped sculptures that are successively classified as: monovolumes, multivolumes, polyvolumes, and intervolumes. The artist is recognized by international critics as one of kinetic art’s major representatives. In 1966, she was given the “International Marinetti Award for Plastic Research on Kinevisual Expression” on the occasion of the 20th foundation anniversary of the “Salons des Réalités Nouvelles” in Paris’s Municipal Museum of Modern Art.
Many of her art pieces are installed in public places in Brazil, such as Belo Horizonte’s Rio Branco Square; São Paulo’s Ibirapuera Park; and Brasília’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs; and abroad, such as the Basel University Library; Italy’s Monte Castello; and in Zurich’s Lake Seefeldquai Park. Further to her sculptures, she developed a number of projects as urbanist, graphic designer, and teacher. She took part in individual as well as collective exhibitions in Europe, Brazil and United States, being awarded a number of important prizes for her work. Mary Vieira died in Basel in 2001.
"Mary Vieira used to call herself a plastic ideaer. She anticipated divisions between the categories of drawing, painting, sculpture and architecture would be extinguished, and considered interdisciplinarity to be key for the evolution of art. The main concepts in her work are absolutely contemporary.
Taking along some models she had idealized before in Brazil, she moved to Switzerland in 1951. In 1952, she was invited to publish the Zeiten einer Zeichnung series for Spirale, major concretist publishers of the time. And there lies the whole essence of her oeuvre, which unfolds from concretism to kinetic art, or, more precisely, to cinevisualism. As Italian critic and poet Carlo Belloli pointed out, Mary Vieira’s oeuvre summons the spectator to art.
The coherence, the precision, and the comprehensiveness of the artist’s aesthetic view have never been totally displayed in her home country. Mary Vieira – O Tempo do Movimento is the opportunity to revive this international artist who, according to Markus Kütter, has always carried her Brazilian origin as a veil about her." Denise Mattar, Curator
The Mary Viera Archive is managed by Isisuf - Istituto Internazionale di Studi sul Futurismo, Milano, Italy
Brazilian sculpture from 1920 to 1990 : a profile. Washington, D.C.: Cultural Center, Inter-American Development Bank. 1997.
Mattar, Denise (2005). Mary Vieira : o tempo do movimento : Centro Cultural Banco do Brasil, São Paulo, 29 de janeiro a 27 de março de 2005. São Paulo: Centro Cultural Banco do Brasil. ISBN 8598251054.
Mary Vieira, Burle Marx : MCMLXX Bienal de Veneza XXXV, Brasil=MCMLXX Biennale di Venezia XXXV, Brasile. Milan, Italy: Alfieri + Lacroix. 1970.
John McFarlane (1854–1915) was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for 28 years, 4 months and 29 days (from 11 February 1887 to 9 July 1915).
Born on 26 January (Anniversary Day) 1854 in the Hunter River district of New South Wales, John McFarlane was the son of John McFarlane, a schoolteacher and farmer, and Mary Stewart, who had come independently to Australia from Scotland (John from the Isle of Mull) and married in 1848. The McFarlane family settled in the Clarence River district in 1861. John McFarlane was educated in public schools and by his father. On leaving school, he assisted his father on the land. He married Ellen Quayle in 1885 in the Ulmarra District – between Grafton and Ballina - and they had one daughter and three sons.
John McFarlane initially worked as a farmers co-op manager. He became Secretary of North Coast Farmers Co-operative Association in Grafton, and then moved to Sydney when he was elected to the NSW Legislative Assembly as the member for Clarence - as a Protectionist, then Liberal (after 1907). He continued working as a manager, but resigned in December 1891. He then became a produce and timber merchant. 
The McFarlane Bridge at Maclean, constructed in 1906, was named after him.On the Clarence he promoted the School of Arts, mutual improvement societies, cricket and rowing clubs, was an active member of the Cattle Stealing Prevention Association and served as Trustee of National Parks from 1905 until 1915. He was also an Orangeman.
John McFarlane died suddenly on 9 July 1915, at his home in Marrickville. His funeral was held in the Presbyterian cemetery at Rookwood, Sydney.
The 2016 Indy Lights season was a season of open wheel motor racing. It was the 31st season of the Indy Lights series and the 15th sanctioned by IndyCar, acting as the primary support series for the IndyCar Series.
Dubai born British sophomore driver Ed Jones won the championship by a narrow two point margin over rookie Uruguayan Santiago Urrutia. Jones won two races compared to Urrutia's four wins but Jones more consistently finished on the podium. American Kyle Kaiser won twice and made few mistakes and finished third in points. Kaiser finished just ahead of American Zach Veach whose season began poorly but won three of the last ten races. Dean Stoneman and Félix Serrallés also captured two wins, but were much less consistent and finished fifth and sixth in the championship respectively. Swede Felix Rosenqvist won three races but missed much of the season due to his role as a Mercedes factory driver in Europe.
Jones' Carlin team won the teams' championship and in the final race of the season, Jones' Carlin teammate Serrallés ceded fourth place to Jones on the final lap, allowing him to win the championship.
All drivers compete in Cooper Tire–shod Dallara IL-15 chassis with Mazda AER engine.Team Pelfrey purchased the assets of 8Star Motorsports
The 2016 schedule was released on October 27, 2015. Phoenix and Road America returned to the calendar. Long Beach was removed from the schedule, and with the IndyCar Series not returning to the Milwaukee Mile, Indy Lights will not return either.
The Grand Prix of Boston was announced in late May 2015. The race was scheduled to be run on Labor Day Weekend on September 4, 2016. The proposed street circuit was based in the Boston Seaport District. On April 29, 2016, Boston newspapers reported that the race weekend, which was to include an Indy Lights support race, had been canceled. The race was replaced by a race at Watkins Glen International, on the same weekend.The season will expand to 18 races, two more than the previous season. All races on road courses and street circuits will be double headers with the exception of Watkins Glen, which, like the oval tracks, will have only one race.
All races will be run in support of IndyCar races except the final weekend at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, which will be a Mazda Road to Indy headliner weekend.
The driver who obtained the fastest lap in a race was awarded one additional point.Ties in points broken by number of wins, or best finishes.
The FA Trophy 2009–10 is the 40th season of the FA Trophy, the Football Association's cup competition for teams at levels 5–8 of the English football league system. The number of team entries for this season was initially 265, but this was reduced to 264 when Newcastle Blue Star withdrew.
This round is the first in which Conference National teams join those from lower reaches of the National League System. Matches took place on 12 December. Since King's Lynn folded, Vauxhall Motors received a walkover to the second round.
The fixture between Maidstone United and Histon was postponed in December due to a waterlogged pitch and rearranged for 15 December. This match, however, did not go ahead because of a frozen pitch and neither did the third attempt at playing this fixture on 22 December. The match was then scheduled to take place on 5 January, but this was also postponed due to bad weather. The match was then scheduled to take place on 12 January, but was subsequently postponed once more. The game was eventually played on 19 January, resulting in a 3-0 win for Histon. However, on 25 January, Maidstone were re-instated in the competition after Histon were found to have fielded an ineligible player.
Matches were to take place on Saturday, 9 January 2010, but the bad weather that engulfed the country meant that all were postponed and rescheduled provisionally for between 11 and 13 January. Most of the games were further postponed to between 18 and 20 January.
Matches took place on 20 February 2010. The match between Barrow and York City was postponed twice because of a frozen pitch.
Assam Combined Entrance Examination (অসম সংযুক্ত প্ৰৱেশ পৰীক্ষা or the Assam-CEE) is a state-government controlled centralized entrance examination, conducted by the Assam Science and Technology University for admission into the 5 premier government engineering colleges in Assam. The test is taken after the 12th grade for admission to graduation (also known as Bachelors) courses. The exam can be taken by those who studied Pure Science stream in plus two level with the specific subjects tested in the examination, which are Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics. 
Every year approximately 25,000 people take the examination, and it is increasing. Students of both Assam Higher Secondary Education Council and the central Central Board of Secondary Education board take the test. Formerly the examination was conducted by Dibrugarh University.
Applicant’s age must be in between 17 and 21 years as on August of that year. Three years of relaxation in age is specified for reserved category applicants and one year for graduate applicants.Upper age limit is relaxed to 22 years in case of B.Sc. passed Candidates. Upper age limit  is relaxed by 3 years for Scheduled Cast and Scheduled Tribe candidates.
For admission into B.E./B.Tech Courses the candidate must pass the Qualifying Examination individually in the same sitting without any grace marks in the subject of Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and English with a minimum of 50  % (45 % in case of SC and 40 % in case of ST) marks taken together in Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics. The same sitting means a candidate must appear all the four subjects i.e. Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and English together.
Negative marking: yesThe examination have multiple choice questions and consist of single paper and take three hours.  Questions will be distributed as follows.
Chemistry  : 40 QuestionsFour marks will be awarded for every right answer and one will be deducted for every wrong answer.  No mark will be awarded if the candidate selects more than one option. Therefore, the maximum mark total is 480 and the minimum is -120.  Once marked, an answer cannot be changed.  
Charlie Hebdo issue No. 1011 is an issue of the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo published on 2 November 2011.  Several attacks against Charlie Hebdo followed, including an arson attack at its headquarters, motivated by the issue's cover caricature of Muhammad, whose depiction is prohibited in some of interpretations of Islam.  The issue's subtitle Charia Hebdo references Islamic sharia law.
On 31 October 2011, issue No. 1011 of the satirical French newspaper Charlie Hebdo left the presses two days before its official publication date.  The issue was retitled Charia Hebdo in facetious celebration of Tunisian Islamist party Ennahdha's election victory.  It elicited mixed reactions in social media.  Muhammad, the founder of Islam, appears on the cover saying, "100 lashes if you do not die laughing!" in a caricature by cartoonist Luz.The issue announced, "To fittingly celebrate the victory of the Islamist Ennahda party in Tunisia ... Charlie Hebdo has asked Muhammad to be the special editor-in-chief of its next issue", the magazine said in a statement  ... The prophet of Islam didn't have to be asked twice and we thank him for it."  It featured an editorial purportedly by Muhammad "Halal Aperitif" and a women's supplement called "Madam Sharia". 110,000 copies were sold of the issue on its day of publication and its management announced a reprinting.
During the night of 1 November 2011 the Charlie Hebdo offices at 62 boulevard Davout in the 20th arrondissement of Paris were burned down with a Molotov cocktail.  Patrick Pelloux, who writes a column for the weekly, announced that "everything was destroyed".  Charlie Hebdo management said the fire was related to the publication of Charia Hebdo, and added they had "received quite a few letters of protest, threats, and insults on Twitter and Facebook".Nicolas Demorand, the managing editor of the newspaper Libération, invited the Charlie Hebdo staff to set themselves up in the Libération offices.  The following day, a four-page supplement dedicated to the catoons of Charlie Hebdo appeared in Libération.On 3 November, Charlie Hebdo's manager Charb, managing editor Riss, and cartoonist Luz were placed under police protection.
Charlie Hebdo's website was hacked twice on the day of the issue's publication.  The welcome page was replaced by a message in English and Turkish saying, "You keep abusing Islam's almighty Prophet with disgusting and disgraceful cartoons using excuses of freedom of speech. ... Be God's Curse On You!  We will be Your Curse on Cyber World!"The following day the Turkish hacker group Akıncılar took credit for the attack.  The group targets publications that it believes attacks its values or that it deems "pornographic or Satanic".  The group asserted it had nothing to do with the burning of the Charlie Hebdo offices, and that it did not support acts of violence.On 3 November, the company Bluevision, which hosted the site, refused to put it back online following death threats it received.  The following day Charlie Hebdo began a blog at charliehebdo.wordpress.com.
Facebook suspended Charlie Hebdo's page on the site after users left numerous threatening messages on it.  Facebook's official explanation was that Charlie Hebdo was not an actual person, and that the page contravened rules proscribing graphic content.
On 7 January 2015, two Islamist terrorists stormed the Charlie Hebdo offices and killed twelve.  Afterwards, they reportedly declared, "We have avenged the Prophet Muhammad. We have killed  Charlie Hebdo!"  Among the victims were cartoonists Cabu, Charb, Honoré, Tignous, Georges Wolinski, and the economist Bernard Maris.
Cristallo is a glass which is totally clear (like rock crystal), without the slight yellow or greenish color originating from iron oxide impurities. This effect is achieved through small additions of manganese oxide. Often Cristallo has a low lime content which makes it prone to glass corrosion (otherwise known as glass disease). 
In addition to common glass making materials manganese, quartz pebbles, and alume catino, a particularly suitable form of soda ash, are used in the making of cristallo glass. 
Rather than using common sand, crushed quartz pebbles were used instead. The quartz pebbles were typically from the Ticino and the Adige rivers. The quartz pebbles went through a rigorous screening process before being selected for use in cristallo production. The quartz pebbles had to be free of yellow and black veins and also had to be able to produce sparks when struck with steel.
If the quartz pebbles passed the selection process then the pebbles were heated to the point where the stones began to glow and then placed into cold water. Then the pebbles were crushed and ground.
The typical flux was used in the production of cristallo was called alume catino. Alume catino was derived from the ash of the salsola soda and salsola kali bushes that grew in the Levantine coastal region. It was found to contain high and constant amounts of sodium and calcium carbonates, necessary to make workable and chemically stable glass.The ash of the plants was then carefully sieved and then placed into water to be gently boiled with constant mixing. Then the ashen mixture was placed into shallow pans to be dried. Once dried the alume catino would repeat the boiling and drying process until all of the salt was extracted from the ashes.
The crushed and ground quartz was mixed with the purified alume catino and constantly mixed at high temperatures. The top of the molten batch would then be skimmed off. By skimming the top of the molten glass, unreacted and undissolved chlorides and sulfates in the mixture were removed.
The molten glass would then be ladled into vats of water. The water removed chloride and sulfate impurities from the mixture. The process of remelting and placing the molten mixture into vats of water was repeated several times until the glass-makers were satisfied.
Next the glass was placed into a furnace that was heated to the highest temperature possible and left there for several days. The material was stirred continually to eliminate defects, such as bubbles.
Then the refined mixture was taken, heated and shaped into blocks called frit. The frit was then taken and remelted and skimmed once again in order to remove impurities. The batch then had manganese added to the mixture at this time. The addition of manganese helps to rid the cristallo of any color tints. This step is repeated until the glass-maker is satisfied. 
McCray, W. Patrick (May 1998). "Glassmaking in Renaissance Italy: The innovation of Venetian cristallo". Journal of the Minerals, Metals and Materials Society. 50 (5): 14–19. doi:10.1007/s11837-998-0024-0.
The Burnie Gift is a professional footrace held in Burnie, Tasmania, traditionally on New Year's Day.First run in 1885, the race is conducted by the Tasmanian Athletic League in conjunction with the Burnie Athletic Club. The race is held on a grass track at West Park Oval in Burnie. A sprint event, the Burnie Gift is conducted over the traditional 'Gift' distance of 120 metres. Prior to 1973 the distance was 130 yards. The Women's Gift was introduced in 1995, although was known for the first few years as the Women's 120m Handicap.Athletes are allocated handicaps with a range from scratch (running the full 120 metres) to the current limit of 12.00 metres. An athlete off 12.00m would run 108 metres. Most athletes (and winners) run from a handicap between 5.0m and 10.0m, thereby covering anywhere from 115m to 110m. Handicaps are assigned by a panel based on an assessment of each athlete’s track performances.
Athletes are separated by lane ropes as opposed to painted lanes on synthetic tracks. The finish line is a finishing gate that each athlete must run through to record a time. 
The Burnie Carnival is the premier running carnival in Tasmania and is considered one of the 'big three' professional Gifts in Australia along with Victoria's Stawell Gift and the Bay Sheffield in South Australia. Along with the feature event, the Burnie carnival includes races over 90m, 400m and 1600m. The Burnie carnival is one of three Tasmanian Christmas Carnivals conducted over a seven-day period from 26 December to January 1. The other carnivals are held at Latrobe and Devonport.
Dean Capobianco (1991) was the first athlete to win the race off scratch (running the full 120 metres). Joshua Ross (2004 and 2007) is the only man to have won the Gift twice off the scratch mark. Capobianco and Ross are the only national 100m champions to have won the Gift.
Oona O'Neill Chaplin, Lady Chaplin (14 May 1925 – 27 September 1991) was an actress who became a British citizen after renouncing her American citizenship. She was the daughter of playwright Eugene O'Neill and English-born writer Agnes Boulton, and the fourth and last wife of English actor and filmmaker Charlie Chaplin.
O'Neill's parents divorced when she was four years old, after which she was raised by her mother in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, and rarely saw her father. She first came to the public eye during her time at the Brearley School in New York City between 1940 and 1942, when she was photographed attending fashionable nightclubs with her friends Carol Marcus and Gloria Vanderbilt. In 1942, she received a large amount of media attention after she was chosen as "The Number One Debutante" of the 1942–1943 season at the Stork Club. Soon after, she decided to pursue a career in acting and, after small roles in two stage productions, headed for Hollywood.
In Hollywood, O'Neill was introduced to Chaplin, who considered her for a film role. The film was never made, but O'Neill and Chaplin began a romantic relationship and married in June 1943, a month after she had turned 18. The 36-year age gap between them caused a scandal, and severed O'Neill's relationship with her father, who was only six months older than Chaplin and who had already strongly disapproved of her wish to become an actress. Following the marriage, O'Neill gave up her career plans. She and Chaplin had eight children together and remained married until his death in 1977. The first decade of their marriage was spent living in Beverly Hills, but after Chaplin's re-entry permit to the United States was cancelled during a voyage to London in 1952, they moved to Manoir de Ban in the Swiss village of Corsier-sur-Vevey. In 1954, O'Neill renounced her US citizenship and became a British citizen.
Following Chaplin's death, she split her time between Switzerland and New York. She died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 66 in Corsier-sur-Vevey in 1991. Her daughter Geraldine Chaplin named her own daughter after Oona in 1986.
Oona O'Neill was born on 14 May 1925 in Bermuda, where her parents had relocated six months before her birth in the hopes that it would be a good place to write during the winter.  She had an older brother, Shane Rudraighe O'Neill (1919–1977). Both of her parents also had children from previous relationships, Eugene O'Neill, Jr. and Barbara Burton, but they did not live with the family and O'Neill saw them only occasionally during her childhood.O'Neill's early childhood was spent between Bermuda —where the family spent winters and in 1926 purchased a house, Spithead (originally the home of privateer Hezekiah Frith)— and various places on the East Coast of the United States. Her parents' marriage had been for a long time strained by Eugene's alcoholism, and started to disintegrate after he had an affair with actress Carlotta Monterey while they were living in Belgrade, Maine in the summer of 1926. He rekindled his romance with Monterey during a trip to New York in the early autumn of 1927, and after a brief return to Bermuda, separated from Agnes in November. Agnes and the children stayed in Bermuda until the following summer, when they moved to her parents' old house in West Point Pleasant, New Jersey. Agnes was granted a divorce in Reno, Nevada in July 1929, and three weeks later, Eugene married Monterey in France.
After the divorce, O'Neill's childhood was mostly spent living with her mother and brother in West Point Pleasant and occasionally at Spithead, in which Agnes had a lifetime interest. Although the divorce had granted joint custody, she seldom saw her father, and mainly communicated with him through letters, which were usually answered by Monterey.O'Neill first attended a Catholic convent school, but it was deemed unsuitable for her, and she was then enrolled at the Ocean Road Public School in Point Pleasant. According to the divorce settlement both children were to attend top boarding schools from the age of 13 and, in 1938, O'Neill was sent to study at the Warrenton Country School in Warrenton, Virginia. Agnes did not find the school satisfactory, and had her transferred to the Brearley School in New York for her sophomore year in 1940.At Brearley, O'Neill became a close friend of Carol Marcus, and through her was introduced to Gloria Vanderbilt and Truman Capote. Although still underage, the group often spent time at popular nightclubs, and began to appear in the society pages of magazines. During this time, O'Neill dated newspaper cartoonist Peter Arno and the still unknown author J. D. Salinger. In April 1942, during her senior year at Brearley, she was crowned as "The Number One Debutante" of the 1942–1943 season at the Stork Club. The event gained a large amount of publicity around the country, and she received offers from film studios and modeling agencies. The publicity infuriated her father, who used his contacts in Hollywood to prevent her from signing a film contract.After graduating from Brearley, O'Neill declined an offer for a place to study at Vassar College and instead chose to pursue an acting career, despite her father's resistance. She made her debut in a small supporting role in a production of Pal Joey at the Maplewood Theatre in New Jersey in July 1942. The production was a flop and was cancelled after a two-week run. Later that summer, O'Neill travelled to California with Carol Marcus, who was due to marry author William Saroyan. During the trip, O'Neill briefly appeared in a production of Saroyan's play, The Time of Your Life, in San Francisco and unsuccessfully attempted to meet her father, who was living nearby.
From San Francisco, O'Neill headed to Los Angeles, where her mother and stepfather were living. She soon found herself a film agent, Minna Wallace, and made her first and only screentest, for Eugene Frenke's The Girl From Leningrad. In October 1942, Wallace introduced her to Charlie Chaplin, who was looking for a lead actress for his next project, an adaptation of the play Shadow and Substance. Chaplin found O'Neill beautiful but, at 17, too young for the role. However, due to her and Wallace's persistence, he agreed to give O'Neill a film contract.Shadow and Substance was shelved in December 1942, but the relationship between O'Neill and Chaplin soon developed from professional to romantic. On 16 June 1943, a month after O'Neill had turned 18, they eloped and married in a civil service in Carpinteria. The ceremony was witnessed only by Chaplin's studio secretary, Catherine Hunter, and friend and assistant, Harry Crocker. Crocker photographed the event for gossip columnist Louella Parsons, to whom Chaplin had given exclusive rights to publicize news of the marriage in the hopes that she would write a more positive article about it than her rival, Hedda Hopper, who strongly disliked him. The elopement received a large amount of media attention due to the 36-year age gap between O'Neill and Chaplin, and because his ex-girlfriend, Joan Barry, had filed a paternity suit against him only two weeks earlier. Although Agnes had given the union her blessing, it cemented O'Neill's estrangement from her father, who disowned her and her issue and refused all future attempts of reconciliation.Following the marriage, O'Neill gave up her career plans and settled into the role of housewife. She rarely spoke in public, but in 1952 commented that she was "happy to stay in the background", and help Chaplin where needed. They spent the first nine years of their marriage living in Beverly Hills and had the first four of their eight children, Geraldine Leigh (b. July 1944), Michael John (b. March 1946), Josephine Hannah (b. March 1949) and Victoria (b. May 1951), during this time. Although she focused on her home and children, O'Neill also spent time at the studios if Chaplin was working.  He often consulted O'Neill for her opinion.  She also acted as a stand-in for lead actress Claire Bloom in Limelight (1952), when a scene had to be reshot after filming had wrapped, and Bloom was already working on another project.
 The 1940s and 1950s were a difficult time for Chaplin in the United States, where he was accused of Communist sympathies and was investigated by the FBI. In September 1952, while travelling with O'Neill and their children to London for the premiere of Limelight on board the ocean liner Queen Elizabeth, his re-entry permit was revoked. The family soon decided to move permanently to Europe, and in November 1952, O'Neill flew back to the US to transfer Chaplin's assets to European bank accounts and to close up their house and the studio. In early January 1953, they moved to their new home, Manoir de Ban, a 14-hectare (35-acre) estate in the rural village of Corsier-sur-Vevey in Switzerland. The following year, O'Neill renounced her American citizenship, and became a British citizen.While living in Switzerland, the Chaplins added four more children to their family: Eugene Anthony (b. August 1953), Jane Cecil (b. May 1957), Annette Emily (b. December 1959) and Christopher James (b. July 1962). When Chaplin's health gradually started to fail in the late 1960s, he became increasingly dependent on Oona's support. He died at age 88 on 25 December 1977, and was buried two days later.
In March 1978, O'Neill became the victim of an extortion plot. Chaplin's coffin was stolen from his grave by two unemployed mechanics, Roman Wardas and Gantcho Ganev, who unsuccessfully demanded a ransom from O'Neill in exchange for the body. The pair were caught in a large police operation two months later, and Chaplin's unopened coffin was reinterred, having been found buried in a field in the nearby village of Noville.
Following Chaplin's death, O'Neill divided her time between Switzerland and New York. In 1981, she appeared in a minor supporting role in the film Broken English, but otherwise avoided publicity. According to unofficial biographer Jane Scovell and ex-daughter-in-law Patrice Chaplin, O'Neill was an alcoholic, and became almost a recluse after returning permanently to Manoir de Ban in the late 1980s. She died on 27 September 1991 at the age of 66 of pancreatic cancer in Corsier-sur-Vevey, and was buried next to her husband in the village cemetery. In her last will, O'Neill, who was a prolific writer of diaries and letters during her life, ordered that all her writings be destroyed, and never published.
In film, O'Neill has been portrayed by Moira Kelly in Richard Attenborough's biographical film of Charlie Chaplin's life, Chaplin (1992), and by Zoey Deutch in the film Rebel in the Rye (2017), based on the young life of J. D. Salinger. 
On stage, she has been portrayed by Ashley Brown in Limelight: The Story of Charlie Chaplin at the La Jolla Playhouse in San Diego in 2010, and by Erin Mackey in the production's Broadway version, Chaplin – The Musical, in 2012.She is also one of the main characters in French author Frédéric Beigbeder's novel Oona & Salinger (2014), which is loosely based on her short romance with Salinger in the 1940s.
Bowen, Croswell (1959). The Curse of the Misbegotten – A Tale of the House of O'Neill. London: McGraw & Hill.
Clarke, Gerald (1988). Capote: A Biography (1st ed.). New York: Simon and Schuster. ISBN 978-0-241-12549-6.
Lynn, Kenneth S. (1997). Charlie Chaplin and His Times. New York, NY: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-80851-X.
Maland, Charles J. (1989). Chaplin and American Culture. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press. ISBN 0-691-02860-5.
Ranald, Margaret Loftus (1985). The Eugene O'Neill Companion. Westport, Connecticut and London, England: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-22551-6.
Scovell, Jane (1999). Oona – Living in the Shadows: A Biography of Oona O'Neill Chaplin. New York: Grand Central Publishing. ISBN 0-446-67541-5.
Sheaffer, Louis (1973). O'Neill: Son and Artist. Boston and Toronto: Little, Brown & Company. ISBN 0-316-78336-6.
David Linus "Microchip" Lieberman (often known as Micro) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He was an ally of The Punisher for many years and assisted the Punisher by building weapons, supplying technology and providing friendship. In more recent publications, Microchip gradually evolved from the Punisher's friend to a bitter enemy.Micro was portrayed by Wayne Knight in 2008's Punisher: War Zone  and by Ebon Moss-Bachrach in the Netflix television adaption set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Microchip first appeared in The Punisher #4 (November 1987) and was created by Mike Baron and Klaus Janson.
David Linus "Microchip" Lieberman was a legendary computer hacker in the early days of the hacking business, performing numerous scams and hacks still held in awe today, until one scam brought him too close to real-world criminals forcing him to go into "retirement" as a quiet unassuming businessman. This ended when his nephew, attempting to follow in his favorite uncle's footsteps, was caught and killed after accidentally hacking into the private computers of Kingpin. While personally investigating his nephew's murder, Lieberman met and started collaborating with Punisher. Microchip's help proved invaluable to Castle; he served not just as a hacker and cyber-investigator. Micro also helped Castle: manage and launder his finances (i.e., the money Castle takes from the criminals he kills); set-up and equip Castle's safehouses; train Castle in more "specialized" skills for his war on crime; and, obtain hard-to-get ammunition and equipment. Less obsessed with Castle's personal war, Microchip acts as a de facto counselor to Castle (e.g., encouraging Castle to take occasional vacations and breaks, to avoid burn-out or losing his mind).
Over time, more of his past history is revealed. His father had been forced to create weapons against his will well before Microchip was born; in the same issue he mentions his sister is a happy housewife in Ft. Lauderdale. Micro has an illegitimate son named Louis Frohike. Louis is killed while trying to assist Frank Castle in a hostage exchange.Micro is capable of fighting on his own such as when he took on an assassination ring threatening his godson's family. He also takes on less violent crime. When he discovers his new neighbor is being scammed by a 'charity' he destroys it from within, not by violence but by computer trickery, sending a recording of the administrator's plans to fans of yodeling music.Outside of crime, some plots have revolved around Leiberman's weight. In one instance, he attempted to take a break and better control his health by enrolling in a rural camp for overweight people which promotes a new weight-loss drug. However, he is once again drawn back into crime fighting and seeking Castle's aid when he realizes the camp is a front for an amphetamines ring, and part of the plan was to make addicts of those who attended the fat camp.One issue that dealt primarily with Micro was where Frank attacks a street gang running drugs, but one member named Jamal Jones survives. Micro warns Frank that Jones is hospitalized under heavy police protection, and they are on the lookout for Jones' assailant. Micro infiltrates the hospital through different disguises, a telephone lineman or a reporter under the pseudonym Linus Schultz (a likely reference to Charles Schultz and his famous character Linus van Pelt), to send a message to Jones that the Punisher wants the name of his drug connection. Micro also briefly reflects on a brief meeting with a nurse and how even a casual encounter with a woman reminds himself that he spend "too much time with Frank and his 'war'".
Micro loses his left pinky finger when the Kingpin sends it to Frank as part of a blackmail attempt. He is let free from the Kingpin's custody when the arranged deal (Frank slaying a rival gangster) is accomplished.The Punisher's 1992 spin-off entitled The Punisher War Zone was launched, written by Chuck Dixon and penciled by John Romita, Jr.. The first issues included character arcs for Micro, where Linus goes so far as to see a psychiatrist and take up acting in theatre as part of his therapy. After Castle discovers this, the two have a disagreement and Micro goes into hiding, working as a barman.
Microchip develops a friendship with Mickey Fondozzi, a Mafia soldier whom Frank recruits to his side. The two work on operations together, such as infiltrating the Secret Empire, a multi-faceted criminal organization.After the Punisher's seeming death in attacking a criminal meet-up, Microchip and Mickey find themselves literally on the street, their escape vehicle surrounded by police. When Microchip refuses to destroy the vehicle, as it would kill innocent cops, Mickey abandons him.Ultimately, Castle and Micro have one final fallout just before the cancellation of all three major Punisher titles in 1995. This fight comes to an end in the closing issues of The Punisher War Journal. Micro disagrees with Castle's methods, feeling that Castle has lost sight of their original goals and has gone over the edge. Soon after, Micro then tries to replace Castle with a new handpicked "Punisher", former Navy Seal Carlos Cruz. Micro and Castle come face to face in one of Micro's safehouses in what appears to be a final confrontation. A gun battle ensues between the two former partners. This battle is interrupted by rogue S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Derek "Stone Cold" Smalls, who had been part of a program to take down vigilante groups and had himself gone vigilante. Smalls fires a rocket into the safe house, killing Microchip. Castle moves on, unsure if he would have really slain Microchip himself.During the 2008 - 09 "Dark Reign" storyline, Hood brings Microchip back from the dead and offers to bring his son back to life if he helps in dealing with the Punisher. Microchip sends Megatak to attack Punisher's hacker ally Henry. To start off Hood's revival ritual of Castle's and Microchip's family, Microchip shoots G.W. Bridge in the head. Unfortunately the Punisher refuses to help and threatens to use Firebrand to burn them alive. The death of Bridge does reanimate the corpses. The Punisher, believing that his family is not actually present, forces Firebrand to destroy the bodies, then kills the villain.In the Punisher: In the Blood mini-series, the Punisher returns to New York City and vows to find Microchip and make him pay for murdering G.W. Bridge. Microchip is knocked unconscious by Jigsaw. While Microchip is captive in Jigsaw's warehouse mansion, he is visited by Stuart Clarke, who is the Punisher's old ally. Stuart explains his girlfriend was killed by the Punisher and swears to make him accountable, but his revenge failed. Stuart walks away and tells him that the Punisher is coming. When the Punisher is captured, Jigsaw allows him to kill Microchip by slashing his throat. Jigsaw's son Henry Russo learned his father was manipulating the Punisher and helps him to escape.
Microchip accompanies the Punisher to Riverdale in Archie Meets the Punisher, and to Gotham City in Punisher and Batman; in the latter, he is narrowly bested by Robin in a "hacking duel".
In the Punisher: MAX universe, Microchip has been presumed dead for some time. However he returns to attempt to pressure Castle into working for the CIA's black ops unit to participate in the hunt for terrorists. The Punisher declines, as he prefers his autonomy to indentured service to an institution such as the government. Microchip confesses to Castle that the source of funding for the operation came from the CIA funneling arms and heroin out of Afghanistan. Castle gives Micro a chance he has not given his victims since before he officially assumed the role of the Punisher: the chance to run. Microchip declines, obligated to help Castle in a CIA/Mafia firefight. Taking a possibly mortal injury in the fight, Micro attempts to humanize Castle again, only to be met with a point-blank shotgun round to the head.
Microchip, here a former member of the United States Air Force who was "kicked out" after Doctor Octopus ripped his legs off, is partnered with the Punisher by Kesselring, a superhuman-hating multi-millionaire who has convinced the Punisher to kill all the world's heroes and villains. Before going after his last target, Daredevil, the Punisher tells Microchip, "Last kill, Micro. You get some distance. Don't look back. You've got any sense, you'll find something else to do with that brain of yours. Something worth a damn." Microchip's response is a deadpan, "Are you telling me to get a life?"
Microchip's equivalent is Chip, a robot the Punisher built to aid him in his vendetta against the Six-Fingered Hand. When the Punisher confronts a group of renegade Watchers, the true leaders of the Six-Fingered Hand, the entities destroy Chip, though the Punisher is able to escape with his companion's severed head, the face of which he is revealed to have modeled after his murdered son's.
The events of What If?: Age of Ultron caused one universe's Thor to drop dead while fighting the Midgard Serpent, which slaughtered the rest of that world's superpowered humans with the assistance of other Asgardian monsters. Microchip appears as a member of Nick Fury's Defenders, a group consisting of Earth's remaining non-powered heroes who are holed up in Latveria's Castle Doom. After filling a Quinjet with everything from the late Doctor Doom's armory, Microchip and the other Defenders, sans Fury and Black Widow, sacrifice themselves in a kamikaze attack against the Midgard Serpent, giving Black Widow the opportunity to acquire Mjolnir, become the new Thor, and kill the Serpent. Microchip and the others who died in this battle are later honored with individualized statues.
Microchip appears in Spider-Man, voiced by Robert Axelrod. His nickname is Chip rather than Micro. In his appearances, alongside the Punisher, he acts as Frank's conscience, urging him to use non-lethal weaponry.
Micro is featured in TV series set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, portrayed by Ebon Moss-Bachrach.Micro is first referred to in the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. episode "The Writing on the Wall", as a contact of Daisy Johnson.
Micro is again mentioned in the Daredevil episode "A Cold Day in Hell's Kitchen", as Frank is shown recovering a CD with the word "MICRO" written on it, before finally setting his house on fire.
Micro makes his onscreen debut in The Punisher. He is a former NSA analyst and family man. After sending evidence of illegal activities being committed in Afghanistan by government agents to the Department of Homeland Security, corrupt DHS agent Carson Wolf attempts to kill Micro. Micro then goes underground and sends the Punisher video evidence of his own questionable activities in Afghanistan that leads to a confrontation between the two.
Microchip was included in one of Michael France's early drafts of The Punisher. The character was excised from the film at the insistence of director and co-writer Jonathan Hensleigh, who noted, "There are a couple of years where I didn't want to go; Microchip, the battle van, all that stuff where it got really high-tech; we're not going there at all. I deemed that too complicated, too lacking of the spirit of the sort of urban vigilante".
Microchip appears in Punisher: War Zone, portrayed by Wayne Knight. He is shown to be an ally of Punisher, offering him awkward support when Castle kills undercover NYPD agent Nicky Donatelli. When Jigsaw and Loony Bin Jim hear about Microchip, they murder his disabled mother, kidnap him, and give the Punisher the choice to either kill Microchip or Angela Donatelli and her daughter Grace (who they also abducted) or they will kill all three. Microchip offers his own life, but the Punisher instead uses his one bullet on Loony Bin Jim, who was threatening the Donatelli family. An outraged Jigsaw then shoots Microchip in the head. The Punisher, now enraged, frees Angela and Grace before dispatching Jigsaw.
Microchip is featured in Spider-Man, voiced by Christopher Corey Smith. He can be heard conversing with the Punisher through a radio at the time when Punisher sees Spider-Man at the docks and tries to snipe him.
Trance Spirits (2002) is the collaborative album by American ambient musicians Steve Roach, Jeffrey Fayman and  guest musicians Robert Fripp and Momodou Kah.
The album starts with "Taking Flight," full of repetitive rhythms and themes, percussive groove. The title track, "Trance Spirits", begins with a slow series of rhythms and atmospheres. In the middle of the album, tracks "Off Spring", "Seekers" and "The Calling" are pure ambient soundscapes with percussive edges. "Year of the Horse" has a synthetic and electric rhythm. The final track, "In the Same Deep Water", contains ethereal drone themes with drumming by Fayman and Momodou Kah.
AllMusic rated the album 4.5 out of 5, stating that, overall, "The sum total is a different direction for Roach and a deep and even transformational listening journey for anyone who takes the chance."
Rashid Masharawi (also: "Rashid Mashrawi") (Arabic: رشيد مشهراوي‎), is a Palestinian film director, born in Gaza in 1962 to a family of refugees from Jaffa. He grew up in the Shati refugee camp.Rashid Masharawi lives and works in Ramallah, where he founded the Cinema Production and Distribution Center in 1996 with the aim of promoting local film productions. He also sponsors a mobile cinema, which allows him to screen films in Palestinian refugee camps. Other projects include the annual Kids Film Festival and major workshops on film production and directing. Rashid Masharawi regularly organises readings and discussion forums at the Al-Matal cultural centre. With his documentaries and feature films, he has also made a name for himself as a film artist. He has received several film awards.
Curfew (Hatta Ishaar Akhar) (1994)[2] At the Cannes International Film Festival he was awarded the Unesco Film Award for Curfew (1994) and received the audience and critics’ prize for the best film at the Montpellier Film Festival.
Waiting, (2005) Film / TV, Feature film. Film Review: Rashid Masharawi's "Waiting", by Ali Abunimah, 8 May 2006, the Electronic Intifada
Rashid Masharawi, Buthina Canaan Khoury, Nahed Awwad, Hazim Bitar, Annemarie Jacir and Ahmad Habash by Kamran Rastegar, Bidoun, Fall 2006
Gertz, Nurith; Khleifi, George  (2008): Palestinian Cinema: Landscape, Trauma, and Memory,  Chapter 4. Without place, Without time: The films of Rashid Masharawi (p. 101-118), Indiana University Press.  ISBN 0-253-22007-6
The 1980 Orange Bowl was a postseason college football bowl game played on January 1, 1980, at the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida, between the Oklahoma Sooners and the Florida State Seminoles.
Oklahoma was champion of the Big Eight Conference for the seventh straight year and third consecutive Orange Bowl appearance. This was Florida State's first Orange Bowl appearance as they tried to finish their season off with a perfect undefeated season; they were on a fifteen-game win streak, which began in October 1978. 
Mike Whiting gave the Seminoles a 7–0 lead on his touchdown run, but that would be their only score of the day. A fumbled field goal snap, three turnovers, over 100 yards of rushing by quarterback J. C. Watts and halfback Billy Sims, and 24 unanswered points by Oklahoma doomed the Seminoles. It all started with a Watts run for a touchdown in the second quarter. After the kickoff, the Seminoles turned the ball over on an interception, giving the ball back to Oklahoma. Stanley Wilson then scored a touchdown run to make it 14-7. Mike Keeling added a field goal late in the quarter to give the Sooners a 17–7 lead at halftime.
The second half scoring was limited to one Oklahoma touchdown from 22 yards out in the fourth quarter; Watts ran for 12 yards before lateralling the ball to Sims, who took it the rest of the way for a 24–7 lead, the final score. The Sooners ran for 411 yards on 59 carries, an average of nearly seven yards per carry, while having twice as many total yards as the Seminoles.
The two teams met again in this bowl the following year, and Oklahoma won by a point. Through the 2017 season, Florida State has made postseason games in every season since this game.
William "Bill" Phipps (born 1942), an ordained minister of the United Church of Canada, lawyer and social activist, was the 36th Moderator of the United Church of Canada from 1997 to 2000.
Phipps trained as a lawyer but in 1968, he felt called to ordained ministry. He studied theology at Chicago's McCormick Theological Seminary and was ordained in 1969. From 1974 to 1983, he was minister at Trinity-St. Paul's United Church in Toronto. He then moved to Alberta to work in church administration.
Phipps was elected to the post of Moderator at the 36th General Council of the United Church in August 1997. Only a short time after his installation, he ignited widespread controversy inside and outside the church when, in an interview with the Ottawa Citizen editorial board, he questioned the resurrection of Jesus as a scientific fact, said he was undecided on the question of the afterlife, and "I don't believe Jesus was God."In October 1998, speaking on behalf of the United Church, Phipps apologized on behalf of the United Church to Canada's indigenous First Nations for abuse in church-run residential schools earlier in the century, saying in part, "To those individuals who were physically, sexually, and mentally abused as students of the Indian Residential Schools in which The United Church of Canada was involved, I offer you our most sincere apology. You did nothing wrong. You were and are the victims of evil acts that cannot under any circumstances be justified or excused."
Following his time as moderator, Phipps was a community organizer, hospital chaplain and adult educator, and from 1993 till his retirement in 2007, he was minister at Scarboro United Church in Calgary.
In 2002, Phipps was the New Democratic Party candidate in the Calgary Southwest by-election contested by newly elected Canadian Alliance leader Stephen Harper. Phipps challenged Harper's conservative economic and social views.  During the campaign, Harper commented that he "despise[d]" Phipps, and declined to participate in debates with him. In the election, Phipps came in second with just over 20 per cent of the vote.
The Master of Social Work (MSW) is a master's degree in the field of social work. It is a professional degree with specializations compared to Bachelor of Social Work (BSW). MSW promotes macro-, meso- and micro-aspects of professional social work practice, whereas the BSW focuses more on direct social work practices in community, hospitals (outpatient and inpatient services) and other fields of social services.
In Canada, the MSW is considered a professional master's degree and is offered through several universities. Most schools are accredited by the Canadian Association of Schools of Social Work (C.A.S.W.E.).
All students entering an MSW program are required to have a recognized bachelor's degree in a related field. Generally, students with a Bachelor of Social Work would enroll in a one-year program, whereas those with other undergraduate degrees (Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, etc.) would enroll in a two-year program. In Canada the average Master of Social Work graduate can earn anywhere from $60,000 CAD to $150,000 CAD, depending on their role and work environment.
The oldest social work program in Canada is offered at the University of Toronto through the Factor-Inwentash Faculty of Social Work. Social work students at the UofT choose from a number of specializations (i.e. gerontology, children and their families, mental health, social service administration, social justice and diversity), and have opportunities to pursue their MSW's with a variety of collaborative programs, such as Addiction Studies, Sexual Diversity Studies, and Asia-Pacific Studies, to name a few. Students could also pursue their MSW degrees in combination with either a Master of Health Science or a Juris Doctor degree.Canadian Universities that offer the MSW:
In the United Kingdom, clinical social work could first be studied in academia as part of a certificate program beginning in 1908. Later, two and three year programs were introduced. The Tavistock Clinic in London remains the leading centre for the study of clinically oriented social work and offers programmes up to and including Professional Doctorate level. The Journal of Social Work Practice represents the main organ of research and scholarly output in this area in the UK.
In the United States, MSW degrees must be received from a graduate school that has been approved by the Council on Social Work Education (CSWE) should the graduate seek future licensure.  The MSW typically requires two years of full-time graduate study in combination with two years (900–1200 cumulative hours) of internship, also referred to as field practicum, education, or experience. While some students obtain a Bachelor of Social Work (BSW) before pursuing a master's, most MSW programs accept applicants with undergraduate degrees in a broad range of liberal arts fields. Some MSW programs provide BSW graduates with an advanced standing option, allowing them to complete an MSW in a shorter period of time (typically 1 year).
Most MSW programs allow students to choose a clinical or direct practice track, which focuses on direct practice with clients, or a macro practice track, with a focus on political advocacy, community organizing, policy analysis and/or human services management. While the clinical track tends to be more popular, there has been a resurgence in community practice concentrations recently. There are also opportunities at many universities to obtain joint degrees, such as an MSW and a Public Administration degree, MSW and Public Health, or MSW and Law. The MSW practice scope has broadened in recent years to include the specialty practice areas of geriatrics and work with veterans. In some schools the curriculum is based on a generalist model which integrates the facets of the various practice areas within social work.
The MSW is considered a terminal practice degree in the field of social work.  The DSW (Doctorate of Social Work) and Ph.D in social work are the final degrees offered in the field of social work.  There are inherent differences between the DSW and the PhD; the DSW further develops skills to continue practice with individual clients and client systems in the field. The PhD prepares graduates to conduct research and teach in institutions of higher education. It is important to note that the "Master's Degree" earned as part of the completion of a PhD in Social Work is not comparable to the Master of Social Work used in practice and to seek licensure. There are few DSW programs available in the United States.
Though Master of Social Work is by far the most common degree title used by graduate social work schools in the United States, it is not universal. For example, Columbia University School of Social Work offers an M.S. degree in social work, the School of Social Service Administration of the University of Chicago confers an A.M. degree, and the University of Texas  confers the MSSW (Master of Science in Social Work) degree. The Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences at Case Western Reserve University confers the MSSA (Master of Science in Social Administration) degree. The UC Berkeley School of Social Welfare at the University of California, Berkeley and the UCLA Luskin School of Public Affairs at the University of California, Los Angeles both confer the Master of Social Welfare degree, an MSW comparable to the Master of Social Work.
Clark Atlanta University's Whitney M. Young School of Social work is also credited with creating the administration of social work from an Afro-centric perspective.  Clark Atlanta's school of social work has also had various stalwarts in the profession affiliated with it such as W.E.B. Du Bois, Dorcas Bowles, Whitney Young, Hattie Mitchell, Naomi Ward and Rufus Lynch.
Although it is possible to be a social worker with a bachelor's degree in the U.S., some fields of practice require a master's degree.  According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the profession is expected to grow by 25% between 2010 and 2020. The growing elderly population is resulting in accelerated job growth among gerontology social workers. Social workers with a focus on mental health and substance abuse are currently in high demand as offenders are directed to treatment instead of jail time, a trend that is expected to continue.  A master's degree could be seen as a tool which will help to compete with tomorrow's job market. The Employment Projection shows that those with higher levels of education in the field tend to earn more than those with just a bachelor's degree.The median annual salary for social workers according to the 2016 Bureau of Labor Statistics was $46,890, or $22.54 hourly.
Between the years 2016 and 2026, the job outlook is projected to increase by 16%, which is 9% higher than the national job growth average.
Average salaries will vary depending on the specific field of social work itself. Those who seek employment as social workers in the healthcare industry typically average the highest salaries, ranging between $54,141-$65,489.
By obtaining a license in the field of clinical social work, the salary ranges from $40,494 - $76,205 according to PayScale.Social workers' earnings varied according to their area of specialization and work environment:
As the successor of the New Gallery of the City of Linz, the Lentos Art Museum, which opened in May 2003, is among the most important museums of modern art in Austria. 
The clear and coherent structural design, created by the Zurich architects Weber & Hofer, provides Linz with a museum of art of international status, positioned in the urban context. The internationally acclaimed 130 meter long building provides approximately 8000 m2 for use and is located directly on the Danube between the Nibelungen Bridge and Brucknerhaus. The appearance of the building is remarkable for its transparent glass casing, attractively lit at night. There is a café with a viewing terrace on the ground floor.
120 important art works from the collection of the Berlin art dealer Wolfgang Gurlitt (1888–1965), including paintings and graphic works by Klimt, Schiele, Kokoschka, Nolde, Corinth and Pechstein, formed the foundation of the collection of the New Gallery of the City of Linz after World War II. Building on these holdings, the city of Linz decided in 1953 to continue the New Gallery as a city museum with an active exhibition program and acquisition policies, and in 1998 to build the Lentos Museum, which opened in May 2003. 
Lentos seeks to present significant themes and issues of contemporary art in relation to 20th-century art history. And so on...
This is exemplified by displaying works and schools of modern art and their consequences, whereby the Lentos collection is highlighted in specific selections according to alternating focal points. Exhibitions of loaned works of 20th century museum art regularly augment the program and communicate a sense of the genealogy of today's art. Ongoing exhibitions are enhanced by a lively program of events, tours, workshops for children and much more.
The art museum collection comprises around 1500 works from the areas of painting, sculpture and object art, over 10,000 works on paper, and about 850 photographs, including significant contributions to the development of artistic photography (A. Rodtschenko, Man Ray, H. Bayer).
The earliest works among the museum's holdings are from the first half of the 19th century (C. D. Friedrich, J. B. Reiter). From the area of classical modernism the Lentos collection includes important paintings by Klimt, Schiele, Kokoschka, Corinth and Pechstein. The collection also covers the inter-war period with works from German and Austrian Expressionism and Neue Sachlichkeit (New Objectivity). The period after 1945 is exemplified with outstanding works and ensembles of international art, including paintings, sculptures and graphic works by Appel, Bayer, Nay, Warhol, Haring, Staudacher, Lassnig, Lüpertz, Rainer, Chillida, Cragg, Helnwein, Scheibl, Scully, Balkenhol, Caro, Goeschl, Export, Krystufek, Ludwig Merwart and others.
The sculpture collection holdings are continuously expanded through active acquisition policies. Since May 2004 the Viennese curator, critic and journalist Stella Rollig has been the director of the Lentos Art museum. In addition to the existing collection, modern art and the most current trends in contemporary art are presented in changing exhibitions.
Van Uffelen, Chris. Contemporary Museums - Architecture, History, Collections, Braun Publishing, 2010, ISBN 978-3-03768-067-4, pages 146-149.
Sgt. Frog (ケロロ軍曹, Keroro Gunsō, lit. "Sergeant Keroro") is a manga series by Mine Yoshizaki. It was later adapted into an anime television series directed by Junichi Sato. Both the anime and manga are comedies that follow the attempts of a platoon of frog-like alien invaders to conquer Earth. Sergeant Keroro, the titular character, is the leader of the platoon, but is at the mercy of a human family of three after he is captured while trying to hide in one of the family member's bedrooms. In both the manga and anime, Keroro is forced to do meaningless chores and errands for the family after his army abandons his platoon on Earth. The platoon has many failed attempts at taking over Earth.
The series takes its comedy from a combination of wordplay (particularly puns and homophones), physical humor, situational irony, breaking of the fourth wall, and numerous pop culture references (especially to Gundam, Kamen Rider, Super Sentai, Space Battleship Yamato, Dragon Ball, Neon Genesis Evangelion and many others, although when broadcast and published in the United States, they make references that American audiences would be familiar with like Ghostbusters and Men in Black). Various anime, games, manga, and other aspects of pop culture are parodied/referenced throughout the series as a bonus to older viewers. Both the manga and the anime are laden with pop-culture references, and even in the same story the references often vary wildly. The anime does not explicitly refer to Evangelion or other animations to which Bandai does not hold the copyrights, but only recreates the "feel" of famous scenes from these anime. The anime is much more detailed and direct in its Gundam references, however, since its animation studio, Sunrise, is a subsidiary of Bandai who does hold the rights to the Gundam franchise. 
The main plot of the story focuses on the steadily deteriorating conditions of the Keroro Platoon, a group of five, frog-like aliens from Planet Keron of the Gamma Planetary System. The platoon’s mission is to invade and conquer Earth (known to the aliens as “Pekopon”), but fail miserably at each attempt. Sergeant Keroro (or Keroro Gunso) although being the leader of the platoon, is childish, incompetent, and would rather spend his time indulging in his hobby of making plastic Gundam models than take over Earth. Aside from Keroro, there are four other members of the Keroro Platoon: adorable but violent Private Second Class Tamama; bellicose yet tenderhearted Corporal Giroro; intelligent but mischievous Sergeant Major Kururu; and disciplined but traumatized Lance Corporal Dororo.
The largest obstacle in the way of their mission is the Hinata Family, who must take care of the Keroro Platoon due to the Keron Army deserting the latter on Earth. Keroro is kept busy with manual labor and constant abuse, primarily from the family daughter, Natsumi. Each member of the platoon finds himself in the care of a human: Giroro's human is Natsumi Hinata, whom he falls in love with; Keroro's human is Fuyuki Hinata, who considers the Sergeant his only true friend; Kululu's human is Mutsumi Saburo, who discovered him; Dororo's human is Koyuki, a fellow ninja; and Tamama's human is his equal in bipolar insanity, Momoka Nishizawa. All are tied to the Hinatas in some way throughout the events in the anime and manga.
Sgt. Frog is published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten, serialized in the magazine Shōnen Ace, and was published in English by Tokyopop. The manga began its monthly run in the weekly shōnen magazine, Shōnen Ace. The manga, first aimed at the older audience (teens/adults) from the first to the seventh volume, was toned down after the anime adaption started (since the TV series was a family show). However, the manga still maintains suggestive comedy that only the more mature audiences understand in present volumes. Tokyopop initially held the American rights to the Sgt. Frog manga until 2011 when the company ceased operations. By the time their publication ended, they had published 21 volumes. Their release of the manga have censored nipples drawn in some scenes, in order to get away from the OT (Older teen) rating and maintaining its Teen rating. Viz Media relicensed the manga for digital release on December 16, 2014.
The anime series started airing on TV Tokyo in 2004 and ended in 2011. The anime is produced by Sunrise, and has been aired on Animax, TV Tokyo, and TXN. Seven seasons have been created during its seven-year run. Unlike the manga which is aimed at older audiences, the anime adaptation has been toned down to a level suitable for family audiences. ADV had previously announced they had acquired exclusive rights to an English dub of Sgt. Frog (for $408,000). However, on July 4, 2008, it was announced that rights to the English release were transferred to Funimation Entertainment.The anime ran almost year-round, which each season beginning in the first week of April and ending on the last week of March. The first season aired on Saturdays, but the show was moved to Fridays for the second and third seasons. The show returned to Saturdays for seasons four, five and six, and the final season aired on Sundays.
ADV Films had originally added a brief teaser page to their website, announcing their licensing of the anime. The site turned to static before playing a short clip of Keroro dancing to "Afro Gunso," then leaving the message "hacked by the frog." This was followed by a press release from ADV on November 20, 2006, stating that they had licensed all Sgt. Frog properties (except the manga, which was already licensed by Tokyopop) for the US. It was once confirmed that the anime dub would be released on DVD in the United States in February 2007. However, ADV Films had never confirmed a release date. ADV announced at Comic-Con International 2007 that the US release date had been delayed because of TV negotiations but would not comment on which networks they were talking to. In a DVD included with the December issue of Newtype USA was an English-language trailer for Sgt. Frog released by ADV, with voices for Keroro (said to be voiced by Vic Mignogna), Natsumi, Fuyuki, Aki, and the narrator. ADV was 90% done on getting a deal with the show, though they created a separate team to work specifically on it that included people from Summit Entertainment (the company that worked with 4Kids Entertainment during the time they had Pokémon). They had dubbed three episodes, but they were dubbed three times because ADV created three different pilot-packages for television to see which one worked the best. They made an otaku/fan pilot, a mass-market pilot, and a kids' pilot. They received positive responses from three different networks. Cartoon Network liked the mass-market pilot, while Nickelodeon liked the kids' pilot. Nickelodeon told them that they would air the show if ADV got the merchandising rights. However, as of July 4, 2008, the English license for the first 51 episodes of the Sgt. Frog anime was transferred to Funimation Entertainment through a deal with Sojitz.Funimation released a dubbed version of episode 12B as a test on YouTube to be reviewed by the viewers. Many instances of regional name changes were observed; Natsumi is renamed Natalie, and Giroro's cat was renamed "Mr. Furbottom," (despite being female). Additionally, the word Pekopon was changed to Planet Wuss, Pekoponians were referred to as Wussians, and Keron changed to Frogulon. The frogs' names remained the same as the Japanese version, though shortened by one syllable (e.g. Keroro changed to Kero, Tamama to Tama). The test episode had mixed reviews by fans involving the voice acting, jokes, and name changes.
At Otakon 2009, the first five episodes of Sgt. Frog were screened, where the original versions of the various names that were changed were used. The voice actor for Sergeant Keroro in the test video, Chris Cason, was swapped out for Sergeant Major Kululu's test actor, Todd Haberkorn. Kululu was changed to Chuck Huber, and the narrator also appears to have been changed. FUNimation stated at their panel that they were going to keep the anime as similar as possible to its Japanese counterpart, and claimed to only change references from Japanese pop culture (save for those Americans were already familiar with) to references from American pop culture. Those present at the showing seemed to enjoy the changes, and the reception of the official dub was very positive. On February 19, 2011, Funimation announced at Katsucon that they had licensed more episodes of Sgt. Frog.According to Funimation, as of February 2013, Sgt. Frog is "now on hiatus".On July 31, 2009, Funimation added the first 4 dubbed episodes of the series to their online video portal. After a considerable delay following between the release of the first dubbed episodes, Funimation began making dubbed episodes other than the first 4 available on the portal. Currently, the first 51 subtitled episodes are available on the Funimation video portal and Hulu. The 51 dubbed episodes later expired, although they were all later placed back on the portal and on Hulu. The show is rated TV-PG on the DVDs and on Hulu. Unlike the other versions released outside Japan, the US version remains uncut.
The episode distribution scheme has been slightly changed from the Japanese Region 2 release. Although the first 51 episodes are known as "Season 1" in Japan, Funimation has divided the episodes into a "Season 1" and a "Season 2". The Season 1 Part 1 DVD set was released September 22, 2009. It contains episodes 1 through 13, Season 1 Part 2 was released on November 24, 2009, and contains episodes 14 through 26. Season 2 Part 1 was released on January 26, 2010, containing episodes 27-39. In addition, Season 2 Part 2 was released on March 30, 2010 containing episodes 40-51. The first two boxsets were re-released into one Season 1 set on March 29, 2011. The complete Season 2 set followed up on April 26, 2011. Season 3 Part 1 was released to DVD by Funimation beginning on July 26, 2011, containing episodes 52-65. Season 3 Part 2 was released to DVD on August 16, 2011 containing episodes 66-78. A complete Season 3 boxset containing episodes 52-78 was released on November 13, 2012. On all of the box sets, it states, "from the creators of the Gundam series". This is relatively incorrect because Sunrise did not create the Gundam series, they produced it, so it should say "from the studio that brought you Gundam". The creator of Gundam is Yoshiyuki Tomino.
All three seasons were available on Netflix streaming as of December 2011; however, the first two seasons, and the first half of the third, were removed without warning in January 2013, before the series was completely removed in April of the same year.
On January 7, 2014 it was announced that a new Flash anime television series entitled "Keroro" would premiere on Animax on March 22 of that year. Haruki Kasugamori is the director of the series at Sunrise and the animation studio Gathering is providing assistance with the animation. The series airs during the programming block, Keroro Hour, which airs both the series and reruns of Sgt. Frog. The series features new character designs and includes the characters, New Keroro, Tomosu Hinohara, and Myō Kaneami, all of which were originally manga-only characters. The opening to the series is "Keroro☆Popstar" (ケロロ☆ポップスター), performed by Mayumi Gojo. The flash anime ended on September 6 of the same year, with a total of 23 episodes.
Five full-length theatrical movies that were directed by Junichi Sato and produced by Sunrise were released:
Chō Gekijōban Keroro Gunsō 2: Shinkai no Princess de Arimasu! (超劇場版ケロロ軍曹2 深海のプリンセスであります!, Chō Gekijō-ban Keroro Gunsō 2: Shinkai no Purinsesu de arimasu!) (2007)
Keroro Gunso the Super Movie 3: Keroro vs. Keroro Great Sky Duel (超劇場版ケロロ軍曹3 ケロロ対ケロロ天空大決戦であります!, Chō Gekijō-ban Keroro Gunsō 3: Keroro tai Keroro, Tenkū Daikessen de arimasu!) (2008)
Keroro Gunso the Super Movie 4: Gekishin Dragon Warriors (超劇場版ケロロ軍曹 撃侵ドラゴンウォリアーズであります!, Chō Gekijō-ban Keroro Gunsō: Gekishin Doragon Woriāzu de arimasu!) (2009)
Keroro Gunso the Super Movie: Creation! Ultimate Keroro, Wonder Space-Time Island (超劇場版ケロロ軍曹 誕生!究極ケロロ奇跡の時空島であります!!, Chō Gekijō-ban Keroro Gunsō: Tanjou! Kyuukyoku Keroro, Kiseki no Jikuu-jima, de arimasu!!) (2010)
An exclusive feature only available for limited time at specific Planetariums was released after the end of the show.
Keroro Gunsō the Super Movie: Take Back the Starry Sky! The Great Chase in the Solar System!! (超投影版 ケロロ軍曹 星空をとりもどせ！ 太陽系大追跡であります！！, Chō Tōei-ban Keroro Gunsō Hoshizora o Torimodose! Taiyōkei Daitsuiseki de arimasu!!)(2014) 
Spin-offs include a manga called Musha Kero that has recently been adapted in the anime. The series has spawned a magazine called Keroro Land that promotes toys, games, media, and events based on the manga and anime.
Sgt. Keroro, Tamama, Giroro, Dororo and Kululu make cameo appearances in the movie of Kaiketsu Zorori.
Keroro and Tamama have appearances in the OVA of Lucky Star, and Kagami spends almost all her money on a grip-claw game trying to get a Keroro doll.
The Japanese game Monster Hunter Tri G is to have downloadable costumes of Keroro for the humanoid companions Kayamba and Cha-Cha.
Keroro, Giroro, Tamama, Kururu and Dororo appeared as playable characters in the Nexon mobile game Kemono Friends. Like the animals in the game, they also become human-like girls. Enemy monsters called Ceruleans also appear taking the form of Natsumi and Keroro herself.
The English version of Sgt. Frog by Animax has been broadcast in India (July 1, 2008), Indonesia (July 1, 2008), Malaysia (July 1, 2008), Singapore (Summer 2008), the Philippines (July 1, 2008) and China. The only noticeable edits made are that "De Arimasu" is translated as "Sir, yes sir!" (which is also used in Funimation's subtitled version), Natsumi refers to Keroro as "Reptile" instead of "Stupid Frog" and Mois refers to Keroro as "Cousin" rather than "Uncle".
In Hong Kong, it was initially broadcast by Cable TV, then by TVB. It was dubbed in Cantonese separately by the two stations. The Chinese terms introduced in the Taiwanese version (mentioned later) were only applied in the TVB dub.
In Indonesia, it was licensed and dubbed in Indonesian broadcast everyday on antv since August 11, 2008, named simply "Keroro". Only the first season was aired, but was shown in its entirety. In Indonesia, The manga has been licensed and released up to volume 22 by Elex Media Komputindo, under the title "Sersan Keroro".
In Israel, the anime recently began airing on the "Arutz HaYeladim". "De Arimasu" is translated as "iim kol hakavod" (עם כל הכבוד) which means "with all due respect". The names were changed slightly – Keroro was renamed "Kerero", and his rank was changed to Captain (resulting in the show being renamed "Captain Kerero" (קפטן קררו), while Giroro's rank was changed to Sergeant (although in season 2 his rank was changed back to corporal). Also, Natsumi calls Keroro a stupid toad instead of a stupid frog. The Children's Channel aired the first season in its entirety, with the exception of episode 30.
In Malaysia, the series has been broadcast since April 27, 2007, dubbed in Malay on ntv7, known simply as Keroro. There are notable changes in the dubbing of the series. For example, Keroro does not address his human captors with honorifics. The series has aired since July 2008, dubbed in English with Malay subtitles on Animax, known simply as Sergeant Keroro.
In South Korea, the anime is aired on Tooniverse as 개구리 중사 케로로 (Gaeguri Joongsa Keroro , lit. Sergeant Frog Keroro). As with most Japanese anime targeted to younger audiences there, the human Japanese names were changed to Korean-sounding ones. Aliens' names were generally the same (in pronunciation) as the Japanese names. It has become one of the most largely known Japanese anime in Korea, along with Crayon Shin-chan, Atashin'chi, Detective Conan, Doraemon, Inuyasha and Death Note. It has many parodies to Korea in translation, with using famous Korean Internet memes at the time, and in the ending song of the fourth season, "You could say, violently going?", all main 12 voice actors did over 8 parodies to numerous things, such as "This is the first time I wanted to punch a girl (Death Note)" and "Is this... 'youth'? (Gundam)".
In Taiwan, Keroro was broadcast in Mandarin on Momo. The names of Keroro and the other Keronians are transcribed in Kunrei-shiki romanization rather than into Chinese characters, and "Pekopon" is translated as "the Blue Planet" (Chinese: 藍星; pinyin: lán xīng), while Keroro's signature de arimasu is translated as 是也 (shì yě, literally "Is also").
In Thailand, the anime is broadcast on TITV's Cartoon Club slot between 9.00 and 9.30 a.m. on Saturdays and Sundays under the title Keroro Lingo (เคโรโระ ขบวนการอ๊บอ๊บป่วนโลก). The manga is published by Siam Inter Comics under the same title.
In the Middle East, the anime aired on Spacetoon. The names had a slight change, example: Keroro became Kero; Tamama became Tama; Giroro became Giro; Kururu became Kuru; Dororo became Doro; Kogoro became Kogo; Sumomo became Sumo etc. "De arimasu" is translated to استعدوا.
In France, the anime was aired on Télétoon under the title Keroro, mission Titar. The human characters' names were changed from Japanese to French-sounding: the Hinata family is renamed as Monaté, with Fuyuki, Natsumi and Aki as Artus, April and Anna respectively. Momoka is called Garance Beller, Mutsumi as Mael while Koyuki is Énéa Azuma. "De arimasu" is translated to "Sauf votre respect" (or "sauf mon respect"), which translates as "With your/my respect". In the manga, published by Kana, the names are the same as the Japanese version.
In Italy, the anime series was broadcast on Italia 1, beginning September 11, 2006 under the title Keroro. "De arimasu" is translated as "Signorsì" ("Yes, sir"), Mois called Keroro "Sir Keroro" in the anime and "Mio signore!" ("My lord") in the manga (published by Star Comics). Only in the anime "Stupid frog" was changed to "Brutto Ranocchio!" ("Ugly frog!"). After episode 76, the anime moved to Hiro with repeats airing on Cartoon Network and Frisbee.
In Spain, the anime was aired in Spanish on Cartoon Network, starting on November 6, 2006 under the title Sargento Keroro. Other Spanish channels also emit the show, such as Canal Sur 2, Canal Extremadura Televisión, Telemadrid, Aragón TV, etc. In Catalonia, the anime was aired in Catalan on public broadcaster TV3 and in K3 in Euskera on public broadcaster EITB ; in Galician on public broadcaster TVG in Galicia and in Valencian on Canal Nou in the Valencian Community. "De arimasu" is translated as "¡A la orden!" ("By your command") in the Spanish version, as "A formar!" ("Fall in!", in the military sense) in the Catalan version, as "Á orde!" (same translation as the Spanish one) in the Galician version and as "A les seues ordres!" ("By your commands") in the Valencian version. The manga is published by Norma Editorial under the title Keroro. There are no name changes in either the manga or the anime.
In Portugal, the anime was aired in Spanish and subtitled in Portuguese on Canal Panda and later on Panda Biggs.
In Serbia, the anime aired in Serbian on Ultra with some scenes censored. The manga has yet to be published in Serbian.
Rob Thomas is a prominent senior South Australian environmental scientist. He is currently on contract as Chief Scientific Advisor for the Resources Infrastructure and Investment Task Force of Department of Energy and Mining. Thomas previously held positions of Chief of Aquatic Sciences and Sustainable Systems at the South Australian Research & Development Institute (SARDI), Chief Executive of the Department for Water Resources and Executive Director of the Environment Protection Authority. He became an Associate Professor with the School of Earth and Environmental Sciences at the University of Adelaide in December 2008. Until 2016, Thomas was also a non-executive director of Blue Sky Water Partners. His professional experience has included roles as an environmental consultant, environmental regulator, natural resources manager and research manager.
Thomas was appointed Chief Scientific Advisor for the Olympic Dam Task Force now RIITF in April 2011. This role has seen him advise the Government of South Australia on environmental strategy for complex mining and mineral processing projects including the proposed Olympic Dam mine expansion, the Nyrstar Port Pirie Smelter Transformation, the Whyalla Steelworks, and the Dry Creek Salt Field transformation project.
Rob Thomas has been an active promoter of research and development in biofuels, namely biodiesel and bioethanol.
Thomas holds a master's degree from Brunel University in London and two bachelor's degrees from the University of Adelaide.
Thomas was the Manager of Marine and Environmental Studies at Kinhill Engineers for ten years prior to his entry into the public service.
BAWAG P.S.K. (German: Bank für Arbeit und Wirtschaft und Österreichische Postsparkasse Aktiengesellschaft) is the fourth largest bank in Austria. It was formed on October 1, 2005 by the merger of the separate banks P.S.K. and BAWAG.
As of 2016, the bank serviced more than 2.5 million customers all over Austria. It serves Austrian retail, small business and corporate customers across the country, offering savings, payment, lending, leasing, investment, building society and insurance products and services. Two-thirds of the customer loans derive from Austria. The international activities focus on retail, corporate, commercial real estate and portfolio lending in Western developed countries.
BAWAG was founded in 1922 by former Austrian Chancellor Karl Renner to extend favourable terms of credit to ordinary people, as the 'Austrian Worker's Bank'.  The bank was forced to close in 1934, but resumed its operations post World War II in 1947. In 1963, it took the name of Bank für Arbeit und Wirtschaft AG, BAWAG, or, in English, 'Bank for Labour and Business Corporation'.  Until 2006, the bank's majority shareholder was the ÖGB, the Austrian Trade Union Federation.
P.S.K. was founded in 1883 as Austrian Postal Savings Bank by Georg Coch offering the idea of saving to broad sections of the population, to ensure the security of the deposits by investing in government bonds only as well as to provide funding for the state.
In December 2006, Cerberus Capital Management acquired BAWAG P.S.K. for reported €3.2 billion. In October 2017, BAWAG Group AG, the holding company of BAWAG P.S.K., became a listed company on the Vienna Stock Exchange. Largest shareholders are Cerberus Capital Management (35.1%) and GoldenTree Asset Management (25.7%).
In 2012, BAWAG P.S.K. began executing a transformational initiative to improve and restructure its operations to improve its financial strength and efficiency. The key pillars of the transformation included re-focusing on core geographic markets and products, driving cost efficiency through disciplined cost management and simplified processes and deleveraging the balance sheet to increase capital and liquidity. As a result BAWAG P.S.K.’s profit before tax increased from €23 million in 2012 to €470 million in 2016, primarily resulting from stronger core revenues and reduced operating expenses. As part of BAWAG P.S.K.’s effort to reduce operating expenses, the bank implemented a new cost management approach, rationalized its business model and simplified its organizational structure. The bank also de-risked the balance sheet, which was achieved predominantly by reducing its exposure to Central and Eastern Europe, exiting proprietary trading, reducing the non-performing loans volume and introducing improved performance management tools. Over the past years, BAWAG P.S.K. has also been able to strengthen its capital base due to mainly profit reinvestment that today more than meets the regulatory targets.
Since 2015, the Bank has gradually grown its business by several acquisitions: In 2015, the bank acquired the former VB Leasing and in 2016 start:bausparkasse and IMMO-Bank. In 2017, the acquisitions of PayLife and Südwestbank were completed.
BAWAG P.S.K. is one of the largest banks in Austria. By year-end 2016, BAWAG P.S.K. reported total assets of 39.7 billion euros, an operating income of 991 million euros, a profit before tax of 470 million euros and total equity of 3.1 billion euros. The number of employees amounted to 2,496. Anas Abuzaakouk is Chairman of the Managing Board (CEO) since March 2017.
In October 2005, BAWAG approved a loan of 425 million euros to Phillip R. Bennett, then CEO of the commodities broker Refco, collateralized against Bennett's own holdings in the firm.  However, the reason he required the money was that he had lent an undisclosed 430 million dollars of the broker's money to himself in an attempt to cover up the company's bad debts. The very day after BAWAG made Bennett the loan, the irregularities were made public, triggering a number of regulatory investigations. Refco has since declared chapter 11 bankruptcy, making BAWAG's collateral essentially worthless. Austria's central bank and Austria's Financial Market Authority have started investigations.
In April 2006, creditors of Refco sued BAWAG for over $1.3 billion, alleging that the bank had colluded to hide Bennett's fraudulent transactions back to at least 2000, and that the bank owned far more of Refco than it had ever revealed in regulatory filings. In September 2006 a New York bankruptcy court confirmed the comprehensive settlement between BAWAG, Refco and Refco creditors.
William Steele (bap. 19 August 1610, Sandbach – 1680) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the  House of Commons in 1654. He was Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
Steele was a son of Richard Steele of Sandbach, Cheshire, and was educated at Caius College, Cambridge.In 1648 he was chosen recorder of London, and he was one of the four counsel appointed to conduct the case against Charles I in January 1649, but illness prevented him from discharging this duty. However, a few days later he took part in the prosecution of the Duke of Hamilton and other Royalists.
Steele was elected MP for the City of London in 1654.  He was chief baron of the exchequer in 1655, and was made lord chancellor of Ireland in 1656. After the fall of Richard Cromwell he was one of the five commissioners appointed in 1659 to govern Ireland. At the end of this year he returned to England, but he refused to sit on the committee of safety to which he had been named.
At the Restoration he obtained the full benefits of the Act of Indemnity, but he thought it advisable to reside for a time in Holland. However, he had returned to England before his death towards the end of 1680.
William was the nephew of Thomas Steele (d. 1643), who was shot for surrendering Beeston Castle in the Civil War. His brother Laurence Steele (bap. 1616) was Clerk of the Irish House of Commons from 1662 to 1697. His daughter, Mary Steele (d. 1673), married George Boddington (1646–1719), a director of the Bank of England.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Steele, William" . Encyclopædia Britannica (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press.
William Anthony Holmes, D.D. (1782–1843) was a Church of Ireland cleric, chancellor of Cashel from 1832  and rector of Templemore, in the same diocese.
The son of Joseph Holmes, he was born in Drogheda, County Louth. He entered Trinity College, Dublin, 7 January 1799; was elected a scholar in 1801; graduated B.A. 1803, and B.D. and D.D. 1834.Having taken holy orders, Holmes became incumbent of Holywood, County Down, in 1810. While there he participated in establishing the Mendicity Institution of Belfast. In 1818 he was promoted to the rectory of Ballyroan, County Laois in the diocese of Leighlin; for some years he was preacher of Cashel Cathedral, and in 1822 became rector of Hore Abbey in the diocese of Cashel.On 22 May 1832 Holmes was collated to the chancellorship of Cashel, and in 1837 to the rectory of Templemore. Archdeacon Henry Cotton described him as "an eloquent preacher, and a person of active mind and literary habits." He died at Templemore, 30 December 1843, and was buried in St. John the Baptist's churchyard, Cashel.
Statistical Account of the Parish of Holywood, County and Diocese of Down (printed in William Shaw Mason's Parochial Survey of Ireland, iii. 183–219), Dublin, 1819.
The Heavy Blow and Great Discouragement of Protestantism: Correspondence between Lord Viscount Melbourne and the Bishop of Exeter; also between Lord Brougham and the Rev. Dr. Holmes, London, 1838.
Caroline Louise (died 1857), youngest daughter, married John Powys of the 61st Bengal Native Infantry, and was killed with her husband in the 1857 Indian Rebellion.
Matilda Martha Holmes Born 1820 Died 12 Nov 1889 in Bedford married Colonel Robert Henry Sale son of General Sir Robert Sales of Afghanistan fame
James Carmac Holmes Major Major 17/19th Irregular Cavalry married Alexandrina daughter of General Sir Robert Sale. Major and Mrs Holmes were murdered 23 July 1857 Segooowlie during the Indian Mutiny
Attribution This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Lee, Sidney, ed. (1891). "Holmes, William Anthony". Dictionary of National Biography. 27. London: Smith, Elder & Co.
Pseudohaploceras  is a genus of desmosceratid ammonites from the Early Cretaceous; Valanginian to Albian epochs. The genus is distinguished by its moderately involute, slightly to moderately compressed shell with convex sides and regular straight or sinuous constrictions between which are fairly fine, distinct, sharp or rounded branching ribs extending from the umbilical edge and crossing the venter, the outer rim.
Pseudohaploceras is considered an offshoot of early Valdedorsella, which differ in having a more broadly rounded whorl section and generally straight radial constrictions. It is included in the subfamily Pizosiinae.
Fossils of Pseudohaploceras have been found in Austria, China, Colombia (Tibasosa Formation, Santa Rosa de Viterbo and Yuruma and Apón Formations, La Guajira), Egypt, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Serbia and Montenegro, Spain, Tanzania, and the former USSR.
W.J. Arkell;  et al. (1957).  R.C. Moore (ed.). Mesozoic Ammonoidea, Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology Part L. Geological Society of America, University of Kansas Press.
Seminole Heights United Methodist Church, also referred to as Seminole Heights Methodist or Seminole Heights UMC, is an active Methodist congregation and a historic, Gothic Revival style church building constructed in 1927 in the Old Seminole Heights neighborhood of Tampa, Florida.  The building is one of the contributing structures within the Seminole Heights Residential District, a U.S. National and Local Historic District.  Seminole Heights United Methodist Church is located at 6111 Central Avenue, at the southeast corner of the intersection of Central and Hanna Avenues.
The site where the church is located was originally the site of Seminole Heights Elementary School.  The school would eventually be relocated to its present campus directly across Hanna Avenue, which cleared the way for construction of a church facility on the school's former lot.  Aside from being very close in age and location, Seminole Heights' namesake Elementary School and Methodist Church buildings also share in common their primary building material, yellow brick.The chapel was designed by one of the highly regarded architects of Tampa, Frank A. Winn, Jr.  Winn is responsible for several prominent area structures, some of which have been recognized individually by the National Register of Historic Places.  The Old Lutz Schoolhouse is one such example.  In 1927, the year Seminole Heights Methodist was built, the Methodist Church in nearby Tampa Heights completed a three-story Sunday school building, also designed by Winn.Winn chose to design the Seminole Heights Methodist Church in Gothic Revival style.  Today, the value of Frank Winn's design, as contributed by Seminole Heights United Methodist Church, is one reason why Gothic Revival is one of the architectural styles for which Seminole Heights Residential District is recognized.From the front of the building, a tiered stairway ascends to the main floor where a portico with three arched openings precedes the main entry. Inside, the sanctuary is expansive and open, lit on either side by twelve towering stained glass windows.  Between each window and along each corner the building is supported by buttress-like exterior pilasters.  The elevated main floor allows for a lookout-style basement ("Allen Hall") below, a rare feature for local architecture.  The yellow brick masonry is accented with white cast concrete detailing, and the building is topped by a steeply pitched gable roof.
The congregation of Seminole Heights United Methodist is an active church within the Florida Annual Conference of the United Methodist Church, a Protestant Christian denomination.  Its members meet for worship services each Sunday, with additional meetings during the week for Bible study, youth and children's programs, music rehearsals, and congregational dinners.  Seminole Heights UMC sponsors special events throughout the year, such as outdoor movie nights, flea markets, craft bazaars, and church conferences, in addition to seasonal events such as an Easter Egg hunt, a pumpkin-themed event in the fall, and a variety of functions around Christmas.  The church also operates a pre-school and day care from an adjacent building to the rear of the historic chapel.
In addition to its capacity as a religious house, the building plays host to community-organized events which may have little to no church or religious affiliation.  Seminole Heights Elementary School uses the sanctuary for annual concerts.  The building is also the site of regular meetings by groups like Narcotics Anonymous and community organizations such as the Old Seminole Heights Neighborhood Association, which regularly uses the church building for its general membership meetings.
A law review (or law journal) is a scholarly journal focusing on legal issues. Law reviews are a type of legal periodical. In the US, law reviews are normally published by an organization of students at a law school or through a bar association. Outside North America, law reviews are usually edited by senior academics/faculty.
Law reviews are distinguished from non-scholarly publications such as the New York Law Journal or The American Lawyer, which are independent, professional newspapers and news-magazines that cover the daily practice of law.
The primary function of a law review is to publish scholarship in the field of law. Law reviews publish lengthy, comprehensive treatments of subjects ("articles"), generally written by law professors, judges, or legal practitioners, as well as shorter pieces, commonly called "notes" and "comments," written by law student "members" of the law review.
Law review articles often express the thinking of specialists or experts with regard to problems with current law and potential solutions to those problems. Historically, law review articles have been influential in the development of the law; they have been frequently cited as persuasive authority by the courts in the United States.  For example, Justice Stanley Mosk of the Supreme Court of California admitted that he got the idea for market share liability from the Fordham Law Review comment cited extensively in the court's landmark decision in Sindell v. Abbott Laboratories (1980).  However, in recent years, some have claimed that the traditional influence of law reviews is declining.Most major American law schools publish a law review (or "law journal"), generally dealing with all areas of law and named after the school, and some publish specialized reviews, dealing with a particular area of the law, in addition to or in place of the general law review, such as civil rights and civil liberties, international law, environmental law, or human rights. There are also a small number of journals focusing on statutory, regulatory, and public policy issues. See List of law reviews in the United States for details.
In recent years, many law reviews have started to publish online-only content in addition to their respective print issues. They offer freely available pieces of short-form legal scholarship, analysis, and commentary. Further, some law journals have abandoned print entirely, instead choosing to publish all of their content only on the Internet.
In the United States, law reviews are typically edited by a certain percentage of the top students in the class or students who are selected to join after successfully completing a “write on competition” at the end of their first year of law school. As law professor Erwin N. Griswold wrote of the Harvard Law Review: "Some people are concerned that a major legal periodical in the United States is edited and managed by students. It is an unusual situation, but it started that way, and it developed mightily from its own strength". During the 1990s, the American Bar Association followed suit and began coordinating its own practitioner journals with law schools, courting student editorial bodies for publications including Administrative Law Review, The International Lawyer, Public Contract Law Journal, and The Urban Lawyer. Despite Griswold's confidence in student editors, criticism of this practice continues. In 2004, Judge Richard Posner wrote a critical account entitled "Against the Law Reviews" in the magazine Legal Affairs. However, Posner also wrote that his own time as president of the Harvard Law Review represented a "Golden Age ... for student-edited law reviews".
In Canada, the fully student-run law reviews (without a Faculty editor-in-chief) include, in order of the frequency they are cited by the Supreme Court of Canada: the McGill Law Journal/Revue de droit de McGill, the Queen's Law Journal, the Alberta Law Review, University of British Columbia Law Review, the University of Ottawa Law Review, and the University of Toronto Faculty of Law Review. Membership requires demanding time commitments, and many editors move on to top clerkships, top articling or first year associate positions both inside and outside Canada, or eventually join the legal professoriate in Canada. The country also has several specialized publications run entirely by students.
Outside North America, student-run law reviews are the exception rather than the norm. In Continental Europe law reviews are almost uniformly edited by academics. However, a small number of student-edited law reviews have recently sprung into existence in Germany (Ad Legendum, Bucerius Law Journal, Freilaw Freiburg Law Students Journal, Goettingen Journal of International Law, Hanse Law Review, Heidelberg Law Review, Marburg Law Review), the Netherlands (Groningen Journal of International Law) and the Czech Republic (Common Law Review). Two student-run publications have also been established in Italy: Bocconi Legal Papers, adopting the format of a working paper series, as a way to complement – rather than compete with – peer-reviewed publications and offer scholars an additional round of feedback; University of Bologna Law Review, a double-blind peer reviewed law journal, run by University of Bologna, School of Law students, which follows The Bluebook: A Uniform System of Citation.
In Belgium, the oldest and most prominent student-edited law review is Jura Falconis. It was founded by a group of students from the Law Faculty of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven who, in 1964, conceived the idea of producing their own law journal grafted on the famous American law reviews. Since then, Jura Falconis has grown into a very solid and most unusual value in the Belgian legal literature.
Within the United Kingdom, as in much of the Commonwealth outside North America (a notable exception being Australia), all of the leading law reviews are edited and run by academics. The leading law reviews in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth more generally are the Law Quarterly Review (first published 1885), the Modern Law Review (first published 1937), the Cambridge Law Journal (first published 1973), The Oxford Journal of Legal Studies (first published 1981) and Legal Studies (first published 1981).The Bracton Law Journal (now Exeter Law Review) was the first student-run law review when it began publishing in 1965. Since then, the Birkbeck Law Review, Bristol Law Review, Cambridge International Law Journal, Cambridge Student Law Review, Dundee Student Law Review, Durham Law Review, Edinburgh Student Law Review, Warwick Student Law Review, Southampton Student Law Review, Strathclyde Law Review, the UCL Human Rights Review and the Student Journal of Law have also emerged.
The Trento Student Law Review is a student-run law review based in Trento, Italy. Established in 2017, it published its first issue, titled "Number Zero", in January 2018.Bocconi Legal Papers is a student-edited law journal in Italy. It is a project sponsored by Bocconi School of Law and is published by a group of students belonging to the same institution, under the supervision of several faculty advisors.
The University of Bologna Law Review  is a student-run law journal published by the Department of Legal Studies of the University of Bologna, and officially sponsored by Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP and the International Chamber of Commerce - Italy. Its editorial board is composed of more than 150 members, including students, scholars, and professionals from all over the world.
The Irish JuristThe leading student law reviews are the Dublin City University Law Review, the Trinity College Law Review, the UCD Law Review, the Irish Student Law Review and the Cork Online Law Review.
In Iceland, Úlfljótur Law Review, has been in publication since 1947. In 2007 it celebrated its 60th anniversary. Since its creation in 1947 it has been edited and run by students at the Department of Law, University of Iceland. Úlfljótur Law Review is the most senior of all academic journals still in publication at the university and held in great respect by Icelandic jurists and legal scholars.
In Finland, Helsinki Law Review, edited by students at the University of Helsinki, has been active since 2007. Earlier, the University of Turku published Turku Law Journal from 1999 to 2003.
Sweden's first law review is Juridisk Publikation. The first number of Juridisk Publikation was published in April 2009. It originated as a review by students from Stockholm University. It is now delivered to Swedish law students from all universities, as well as to most legal libraries in the country. Juridisk Publikation is edited by top students from the law schools in Lund, Stockholm Uppsala and Goteborg. The publication is anonymously peer reviewed by a board of leading Swedish legal practitioners and academics.
In Norway, the first student edited law review Jussens Venner was founded in 1952 by students Carsten Smith and Torkel Opsahl (both of whom later became distinguished academics). Occasionally it features peer-reviewed articles, but its editors are composed of one student from the Faculty of Law at the University of Oslo and one student from the Faculty of Law at the University of Bergen. Its articles are mainly related to the curriculum at these universities.
In spite of some few exceptions, in Argentina almost all law reviews are run by publishing houses or law professors. In both cases, the involvement of students in the day to day creation of these reviews is fully narrowed. Among these few exceptions, it should be mentioned the case of Revista Lecciones y Ensayos, a law review ran by students of the School of Law of the University of Buenos Aires.
In Australia, the leading student-edited peer-reviewed academic law reviews are the Melbourne University Law Review, Sydney Law Review, Federal Law Review, Monash University Law Review and UNSW Law Journal.
The Melbourne University Law Review regularly outperforms Sydney Law Review on impact, citation in journal and cases and combined rankings. These publications are among the most-cited law reviews by the High Court of Australia and among the most cited non-US reviews by US journals.The top international law journal in Australia is the Melbourne Journal of International Law, also a student-edited peer-reviewed academic law review. The Melbourne Journal of International Law is also considered to be more influential and prestigious than most generalist law reviews in Australia.
In Brazil, law reviews are usually run by academics as well, but there are efforts by students to change this; for example: University of Brasilia Law Students Review (re-established in 2007), the Review of the Academic Center Afonso Pena from the Federal University of Minas Gerais (published since 1996), and the Alethes Periodic from Federal University of Juiz de Fora. However, academics and official rankings usually refuse to evaluate student law reviews as "equals". To pursue academic recognition by the Brazilian Ministry of Education, review bodies must include post-graduated and ranked academics, which prevents student law reviews to even be recognized or compared to other similar legal periodicals.
The China Law Journal is an attempt to create a legal publication, that is produced from all groups related to law, including lawyers, academics, students, members of the judiciary, procurators and anyone else in related fields with an interest in China.
Among academic law journals in India, the Journal of Indian Law Institute and the Delhi Law Review published by the Faculty of Law, University of Delhi since 1972 are most prominent and respected among Indian legal scholars and academicians. National Law Schools/Universities are now leading the law review publication field, with notable reviews being the NALSAR Student Law Review and the National Law School of India Review and lawbright, eJournal.
The Mexican Law Review, the law review of the National Autonomous University of Mexico, Mexico's preeminent university, is edited by professors and is therefore a closer cousin to peer-reviewed social science journals than to typical student-run law journals.
Online legal research providers such as Westlaw and LexisNexis give users access to the complete text of most law reviews published beginning from the late 1980s. Another such service, Heinonline, provides actual scans of the pages of law reviews going back to the 1850s.
Membership on the law review staff is highly sought after by some law students, as it often has a significant impact on their subsequent careers as attorneys. Many U.S. federal judges and partners at the most prestigious law firms were members or editors of their school's law review. There are a number of reasons why journal membership is desired by some students:
Some see the intense writing, research and editing experience as invaluable to the student's development as an attorney;
Others see the selection process as helping differentiate the best and the brightest from an already strong group of law students.At schools with more than one law review, membership on the main or flagship journal is normally considered more prestigious than membership on a specialty law journal. This is not the case at all schools, however. At many schools, the more prestigious journal is the specialty journal; a low-ranked general journal will rarely attract as much attention as a category-leading specialized journal. Often the best indicator is the age of the journal; a newer journal will rarely have the same clout with employers that the older journal has, even when the older journal is specialized. In any case, membership on any such journal is a valuable credential when searching out employment after law school.
The paths to membership vary from law school to law school, and also from journal to journal, but generally contain a few of the same basic elements. Most law reviews select members after their first year of studies either through a writing competition (often referred to as "writing on" to the law review), their first-year grades (referred to as "grading on" to the law review) or some combination thereof. Most Canadian law reviews, however, do not take grades into considerations and cannot be submitted with the application. A number of schools will also grant membership to students who independently submit a publishable article. The write-on competition usually requires applicants to compose a written analysis of a specific legal topic, often a recent Supreme Court decision. The written submissions are often of a set length, and applicants are sometimes provided with some or all of the background research. Submissions normally are graded blindly, with submissions identified only by a number which the graders will not be able to connect to a particular applicant. A student who has been selected for law review membership is said to have "made the law review."
Secondary journals vary widely in their membership process. For example, at Yale Law School, the only one of its nine journals that has a competitive membership process is the flagship Yale Law Journal – all others are open to any Yale Law student who wishes to join. By contrast, other secondary journals may have their own separate membership competition, or may hold a joint competition with the main law review.
A law review's membership is normally divided into staff members and editors. On most law reviews, all 2Ls (second-year students) are staff members while some or all 3Ls (third-year students) serve as editors. 3Ls also typically fill the senior editorial staff positions, including senior articles editor, senior note & comment editor, senior managing editor, and, the most prestigious of all, editor-in-chief of the law review. (Upon graduation, the editor-in-chief of the law review can often expect to be highly recruited by the most prestigious law firms.) As members, students are normally expected to:
Edit and cite-check the articles that are being published by the law review, ensuring that references support what the author claims they support and that footnotes are in proper Bluebook format, depending on the publication's preference.The editorial staff is normally responsible for reviewing and selecting articles for publication, managing the editing process, and assisting members in writing their notes and comments. Depending on the law school, students may receive academic credit for their work on the law review, although some journals are entirely extracurricular.
The University of Pennsylvania Law Review is the oldest law review in the U.S., having published continuously since 1852. Also among the oldest and most storied law review publications are the Albany Law Review, successor to the Albany Law School Journal, which began in 1875 and was the nation's first student-edited law review; the Columbia Law Review, successor to the Columbia Jurist, beginning in 1885; the Harvard Law Review, beginning in 1887; Yale Law Journal, beginning in 1891; West Virginia Law Review, beginning in 1894; and Dickinson Law Review, beginning in 1897. The first law review originating outside the Northeast was the Michigan Law Review, beginning in 1902; followed by the Northwestern University Law Review, beginning in 1906; and the Kentucky Law Journal, beginning in 1910. The California Law Review, beginning in 1912, was the nation's first law review published west of Illinois.
The Enchanted Island is a pasticcio (pastiche) of music by various baroque composers, including George Frideric Handel, Antonio Vivaldi, and Jean-Philippe Rameau, devised and written by Jeremy Sams after The Tempest and A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare. It was created by Julian Crouch and Phelim McDermott and premiered by the Metropolitan Opera on December 31, 2011, starring David Daniels, Joyce DiDonato, Danielle de Niese, Luca Pisaroni, and Lisette Oropesa. The popular 70-year-old Spanish tenor, Plácido Domingo, played the small but important part of the sea god Neptune. The following month a performance of the pasticcio was broadcast live into movie theaters across the world as part of the Metropolitan Opera Live in HD series. In late 2012, Virgin Classics released this broadcast version on DVD. The Met revived The Enchanted Island two seasons later. Daniels, de Niese, Pisaroni, and Domingo revived their roles from the premiere. Susan Graham assumed the role of Sycorax from DiDonato. 
Handel: Il trionfo del Tempo e del Disinganno, oratorio, HWV 46a, Part I, “Un pensiero nemico di pace”
Based on Jean-Philippe Rameau: Les Fêtes d’Hébé, Deuxième entrée: La Musique, Scene 7, “Aimez, aimez d’une ardeur mutuelle”
Jean-Marie Leclair: Scylla et Glaucus, Act IV, Scene 4, “Et toi, dont les embrasements… Noires divinités”
15. “Help me out of this nightmare” – Quintet: “Beautiful, wonderful" (Helena, Sycorax, Caliban, Miranda, Demetrius)
18. “Your bride, sir?” (Ariel, Lysander, Demetrius, Miranda) – Trio: “Away, away! You loathsome wretch, away!” (Miranda, Demetrius, Lysander)
Attr. Henry Purcell: The Tempest, or, The Enchanted Island, Z. 631, Act II, no. 3, “Arise, ye subterranean winds”
25. “Have you seen a young lady?” (Demetrius, Helena, Caliban) – “A voice, a face, a figure half-remembered” (Helena)
Giovanni Battista Ferrandini (attr. Handel): Il pianto di Maria, cantata, HWV 234, “Giunta l’ora fatal – Sventurati i miei sospiri”
33. Sextet: “Follow hither, thither, follow me” (Ariel, Miranda, Helena, Hermia, Demetrius, Lysander)
Handel: L'Allegro, il Penseroso ed il Moderato, HWV 55, Part I, “Come, but keep thy wonted state – Join with thee”
The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.11 (sometimes known as the Høver M.F.11 after its designer) was a three-seat, single-engined biplane used by the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service for maritime reconnaissance in the decade before the Second World War.
The M.F. 11 was the main aircraft of the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service up until the German invasion of Norway in 1940.
As the final Hansa Brandenburg W.33 seaplane left the Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk in Horten in 1929 it was already clear that a new machine was needed to fulfil the needs of the RNoNAS. Thus, by the summer of 1929 Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk and its chief designer, Captain J.E. Høver was ordered to design and construct a new seaplane. In the span of little over a year Høver, in cooperation with pilots, observers and other specialists designed the Høver M.F. 11. During the design period several foreign designs were also evaluated by the Norwegian military, but by 11 October 1930 the Norwegian Ministry of Defence ordered the production of the M.F. 11, which at that time was referred to as a "self-defence scout plane".At the outset the Norwegian naval pilots wanted a monoplane design for their new naval aircraft, but due to the RNoNAS demanding the new plane to have a maximum wingspan of 15.4 m, to allow it to fit into the existing hangars, a biplane structure became necessary.The fuselage of the M.F. 11 was made of welded steel bars and wood formers, covered with canvas.  Crew members used gosport tubes for communication.  Twenty-nine aircraft were produced in total.The first aircraft, F.300, made its first flight on 29 September 1931. The M.F. 11s were equipped with the British-designed Armstrong Siddeley Panther II radial engine, the first 14 of which were made in the United Kingdom. From 1934 license manufacturing of the Armstrong Siddeley Panther II began in Norway at Marinens Minevesen in Horten, with F.314 being the first aircraft equipped with a Norwegian-made engine. As the handmade Norwegian power plants were installed they soon proved to be of superior quality to the machine manufactured originals. The same engine was also produced for the Norwegian Army Air Service aircraft. A total of 17 Panther IIs were made in Norway, seven for Navy and ten for Army aircraft. The licence production ended in 1938 as import engines became freely available at a low cost after the Panther II was abandoned by the UK armed forces as it could no longer be used to propel the increasingly powerful British aircraft.
The M.F. 11 entered service with the RNoNAS in 1932 and was used for numerous tasks along the coast of Norway and in Norwegian territorial waters.
After the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939 this included taking part in all major military exercises, searching for mines and missing ships, and being stationed at the various coastal fortifications around the country as reconnaissance assets. At the dawn of the German invasion some of the robust aircraft had logged close to 900 hours of flight time. Shortly before the war the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service had decided to find a replacement for the M.F.11, and on 8 March 1940 24 Northrop N-3PBs were ordered from the US. None of these were delivered before the 9 April 1940 German invasion of Norway.
M.F. 11s saw active service all along the Norwegian coastline following the German invasion, from Western Norway to North Norway.  One M.F. 11, F.342, was among the first Norwegian units to make contact with the invasion forces.  On 8 April 1940  Lieutenants Kaare Strand Kjos and Magnus Lie of the Trøndelag Naval District were dispatched to the Kornstadfjord near Lyngstad in Eide where a German Arado Ar 196 had made an emergency landing.  After the two German pilots, Oberleutnant Werner Techam and Leutnant Hans Polzin, had approached the locals trying to purchase fuel for their airplane they were captured by a group of civilians.  Thereafter they were reported to and arrested by armed police officers. As Kjos and Lie landed shortly thereafter they took command and organised the transport of the Germans and their plane to Kristiansund for internment. The Arado would later turn out to have been catapult launched from the German cruiser Admiral Hipper.  A few days earlier the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service' Trøndelag Air Group had been reduced from two to one M.F. 11 when F.340 capsized in Trondheim harbour due to heavy winds.
One of the Norwegian air units in which the M.F. 11 saw action was the highly improvised Romsdalsfjord Air Group (Norw. Romsdalsfjordgruppa).  The air group was eventually to consist of a total of four aircraft; one M.F. 11 (F.342, originally from Trøndelag Naval District), one Arado Ar 196 (the one captured at Lyngstad) and two Fleet Air Arm Supermarine Walrus'.  The first Walrus (P5649) of 700 Naval Air Squadron was one released by Norwegian authorities after having been interned in Kristiansund on 8 April after failing to return to the battleship HMS Rodney after a scouting mission due to high waves. The other arrived in Molde on 13 April to inform the Royal Norwegian Navy command of the imminent arrival of an RN task force.  After meeting with Captain Ullring, the commander of the local RNoN district in the Romsdal area, the crew of the Walrus decided on joining the Romsdalsfjord Air Group for the time being. The air group was based out of Eidsøra, where the newly built school was utilised as a barracks and the local rifle association provided a guard force of riflemen for observations of air and naval activity.  A group of local women provided the force of around twenty-five officers and men with food and other supplies.Operations
Operations of the Romsdalsfjord Air Group, including M.F. 11 F.342, was almost completely restricted to scouting the coast of Romsdal for enemy forces.  This was because the group had only 2,000 rounds of machine gun ammunition, no tracer ammunition or bombs and only fuel for a few days if all four planes were to be used. On 12 April, on one such mission, F.342 discovered and reported the exact position of two German merchant vessels to Captain Ullring. This report lead helped RNoN warships in seizing the German ships that same day (see: HNoMS Sleipner).  Actual contact with German forces occurred very seldom; on one reconnaissance mission over Trøndelag F.342 came under fire from German aircraft, but escaped without suffering any damage. The only real combat involving the air group came off Vigra on 14 April when F.342 encountered a German Heinkel He 115 and exchanged fire with it from ranges varying from 300 to 50 meters.  Neither the German or the Norwegian aircraft was hit and when the He 115 turned to escape northwards F.342 lacked the speed to chase after it.Escape to the UK
On 17 April ltns Kjos and Diesen met with RNoN Commander Gottwaldt and decided that the four aircraft had to be evacuated as fuel reserves were down to only five to six hours flying time.  The British pilots' wish to return to their own units also played in on the decision.  The hope and plan was for the Norwegian pilots to return as soon as possible with better aircraft and supplies.  At 0330hrs the next day the Arado Ar 196 flew off first with a crew of three, making the journey to Shetland without problems and landing safely at around 0630.  As the air group had only two sets of maps F.342 had to fly in formation with the two Walrus' planes.  When the planes approached Orkney F.342 had straggled behind the British aircraft and was intercepted by three Gloster Gladiators from Scapa Flow.  The Gladiator crews misread the situation, believing that the Norwegian biplane was chasing the two Walrus' flying boats, and began to attack the M.F 11. Luckily for the Norwegians lieutenant Diesen managed to immediately land on the water. Although their aircraft was hit by forty to fifty machine gun rounds the crew survived without injury. After this initial friendly fire episode the Norwegians were welcomed as allies and gave the British commanders a report of the situation in the Romsdal area.  The German Arado Ar 196 attracted especial attention amongst the British and a Fleet Air Arm Commander was given the task of flying it down to Helensburgh where aircraft designers were waiting to disassemble and study the modern German design.  This did however not go quite as planned as the plane tipped over and sank during landing, although the pilot made it out alive. Even though the Norwegian officers expressed their desire to return to Romsdal to continue the fight there no one of them were to return to Norway in time to take part in the remaining fighting there.
As the Norwegian Campaign was coming to an end in June 1940, Norwegian military pilots were ordered to prevent their aircraft from falling into German hands.  Most of the Norwegian He 115s were flown to the UK in order to keep them in the war, but for the three operational M.F. 11s and one He 115 (F.50) this escape route was not possible and flying to Finland was left as the only option for evacuation.On 8 June 1940 M.F. 11s F.310, F.336 and F.346 landed on Salmijärvi Lake in Petsamo, immediately being put in internment by Finnish authorities.  The three Norwegian aircraft were first stored and repaired at both the Finnish Polytechnic School and the Finnish State Aircraft Factory before being handed over to the Lentolaivue 15 in August 1941, with the designation numbers NK-171—173. All three M.F. 11s were fitted with shackles for 200 kg depth charges. In addition to normal maintenance NK-172 also received a new engine and propeller.During the autumn of 1941 the aircraft carried out around 20 reconnaissance and propaganda missions in the Lake Ladoga area before ice conditions put them into winter storage. The aircraft were also used during the Continuation War to support long-range patrols behind the Soviet lines.For the summer of 1942 the three aircraft were handed over to Lentolaivue 6 and flew anti-submarine missions over the Baltic Sea, flying from Mariehamn, Åland. At two occasions during the summer months depth charges were dropped at Soviet submarines, without any observable results.During the summers of 1943 and 1944 similar types of missions were flown over the Baltic but, at least in part due to an anti-submarine net having been positioned across the Gulf of Finland, no submarines were spotted. The Baltic missions ended on 21 August 1944. Following the Moscow Armistice on 4 September 1944, the M.F. 11s were sent to Detachment Jauri in the far north of Finland to participate in the Lapland War,  flying around 60 transport missions in October. In November 1944 the M.F. 11s were put into permanent storage.In Finnish service the M.F. 11s were given the designation numbers NK-171—173, after the Finnish abbreviation for "Norwegian Machine" ("norjalainen kone").
Two of the Finnish-operated M.F. 11s were offered for sale to Norway in 1948 and 1950, but no one showed any interest to acquire them before they were scrapped.
During and after the Norwegian Campaign the German invasion forces captured perhaps as many as 16 Norwegian M.F. 11s. The aircraft were seized in repair shops (F.302 and F.318), abandoned at Drøbak (F.3204, F.308 and F.338), at Flatøy near Bergen (F.322), at Sola Air Station (F.324) and at Skattøra Air Station in Tromsø (F.312, F.334 and F.344). F.314 II and F.326 disappeared from records, but may have been used by the Germans. Also captured were F.348, F.350, F.352 and F.354, still under construction at Horten.The captured aircraft were probably used for communications and mail flights in support of the German occupation of Norway, as well as fishery supervision. Records from the German aircraft company Walther Bachman Flugzeugbau shows that operational M.F. 11s were still accepted for maintenance as late as February 1942.During their German careers the aircraft were operated in an area stretching from Finnmark in the north of Norway to Warnemünde in the north east of Germany.
Finnish Air Force – (Three aircraft) Norwegian aircraft that were interned in June 1940 after evacuating from North Norway to Petsamo Germany
Luftwaffe – Up to 16 captured Norwegian aircraft used to support the German occupation of Norway Norway
Powerplant: 1 × Armstrong Siddeley Panther IIA 14-cylinder, air-cooled, two-row radial engine, 430 kW (575 hp)Performance
1-2× 7.7 mm (0.303 in) M1919 Browning machine gun or 1× 7.92 mm M1919 Browning machine gun fixed on the central part of the superior wing.
1× 7.7 mm (0.303 in) M1919 Browning machine gun or 7.92 mm M1919 Browning machine gun in the gunner position
1× Oerlikon 20 mm cannon Autocannon Gun pod fixed on left wing special emplacement ( Used on the F.318 ).
Hafsten, Bjørn; Arheim, Tom (2003). Marinens Flygevåpen 1912–1944 (in Norwegian). Oslo: TankeStreken AS. ISBN 82-993535-1-3.
Hafsten, Bjørn; Ulf Larsstuvold; Bjørn Olsen; Sten Stenersen (2005). Flyalarm – luftkrigen over Norge 1939–1945 (in Norwegian) (2nd, revised ed.). Oslo: Sem og Stenersen AS. ISBN 82-7046-074-5.
Heinonen, Timo: Thulinista Hornetiin, 1992, Keski-Suomen ilmailumuseo, ISBN 951-95688-2-4 (in Finnish)
Kjæraas, Arild (ed.): Profiles in Norway no. 2: Høver M.F. 11, Profiles in Norway, Andebu 2003 (in English)&(in Norwegian)
Sivertsen, Svein Carl (ed.): Jageren Sleipner i Romsdalsfjord sjøforsvarsdistrikt april 1940, Sjømilitære Samfund ved Norsk Tidsskrift for Sjøvesen, Hundvåg 1999 ISBN 82-994738-3-7 (in Norwegian)
Clarkson is an unincorporated community in southwestern Middleton Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States, clustered around the intersection of Clarkson and Sprucevale roads.
Clarkson is located at 40°44′50″N 80°36′47″W (40.7470065, -80.6134048). The majority of residences are clustered at the intersection of Clarkson and Sprucevale Roads (County Highways 426 and 428).
Clarkson was platted in February 1816 by Robert Hanna, who moved there in a conestoga wagon with his wife. It was surveyed by William Heald. Hanna built and resided in a log tavern at the intersection of two roads. This building was later known as the Edward McGinnis tavern.In 1817, James Monroe, while President of the United States, visited his cousin, Catherine Hanna, in Clarkson.A post office was established in Clarkson in 1833 and remained until 1935.An early settler and businessman was Milo Warrick who, in 1840, was a cabinet maker and undertaker in Clarkson. His son, Clement Vlandingham Warrick, opened a general store in Clarkson in 1885. He established the first Standard Oil dealership in Ohio, holding vendor's license Number 1.Pretty Boy Floyd, bank robber, was shot and killed by FBI agents in a corn field near Clarkson in 1934.
Gaston's Mill, named for Clarkson resident Philander Gaston, lies within Beaver Creek State Park. The mill was built in 1837 and has been restored.
Almira Park - the mother of Hannah Milhous Nixon and maternal grandmother of President Richard Nixon.
Freeform surface modelling is a technique for engineering freeform surfaces with a CAD or CAID system.
The technology has encompassed two main fields. Either creating aesthetic surfaces (class A surfaces) that also perform a function; for example, car bodies and consumer product outer forms, or technical surfaces for components such as gas turbine blades and other fluid dynamic engineering components.
CAD software packages use two basic methods for the creation of surfaces. The first begins with construction curves (splines) from which the 3D surface is then swept (section along guide rail) or meshed (lofted) through.
The second method is direct creation of the surface with manipulation of the surface poles/control points.
From these initially created surfaces, other surfaces are constructed using either derived methods such as offset or angled extensions from surfaces; or via bridging and blending between groups of surfaces.
Freeform surface, or freeform surfacing, is used in CAD and other computer graphics software to describe the skin of a 3D geometric element. Freeform surfaces do not have rigid radial dimensions, unlike regular surfaces such as planes, cylinders and conic surfaces. They are used to describe forms such as turbine blades, car bodies and boat hulls. Initially developed for the automotive and aerospace industries, freeform surfacing is now widely used in all engineering design disciplines from consumer goods products to ships. Most systems today use nonuniform rational B-spline (NURBS) mathematics to describe the surface forms; however, there are other methods such as Gordon surfaces or Coons surfaces .
The forms of freeform surfaces (and curves) are not stored or defined in CAD software in terms of polynomial equations, but by their poles, degree, and number of patches (segments with spline curves). The degree of a surface determines its mathematical properties, and can be seen as representing the shape by a polynomial with variables to the power of the degree value. For example, a surface with a degree of 1 would be a flat cross section surface. A surface with degree 2 would be curved in one direction, while a degree 3 surface could (but does not necessarily) change once from concave to convex curvature. Some CAD systems use the term order instead of degree. The order of a polynomial is one greater than the degree, and gives the number of coefficients rather than the greatest exponent.
The poles (sometimes known as control points) of a surface define its shape. The natural surface edges are defined by the positions of the first and last poles. (Note that a surface can have trimmed boundaries.) The intermediate poles act like magnets drawing the surface in their direction. The surface does not, however, go through these points. The second and third poles as well as defining shape, respectively determine the start and tangent angles and the curvature. In a single patch surface (Bézier surface), there is one more pole than the degree values of the surface.
Surface patches can be merged into a single NURBS surface; at these points are knot lines. The number of knots will determine the influence of the poles on either side and how smooth the transition is. The smoothness between patches, known as continuity, is often referred to in terms of a C value:
C2: the patches are curvature continuous to one anotherTwo more important aspects are the U and V parameters. These are values on the surface ranging from 0 to 1, used in the mathematical definition of the surface and for defining paths on the surface: for example, a trimmed boundary edge. Note that they are not proportionally spaced along the surface. A curve of constant U or constant V is known as an isoperimetric curve, or U (V) line. In CAD systems, surfaces are often displayed with their poles of constant U or constant V values connected together by lines; these are known as control polygons.
When defining a form, an important factor is the continuity between surfaces - how smoothly they connect to one another.
One example of where surfacing excels is automotive body panels. Just blending two curved areas of the panel with different radii of curvature together, maintaining tangential continuity (meaning that the blended surface doesn't change direction suddenly, but smoothly) won't be enough. They need to have a continuous rate of curvature change between the two sections, or else their reflections will appear disconnected.
G3 – acceleration (rate of change of curvature)To achieve a high quality NURBS or Bézier surface, degrees of 5 or greater are generally used.
The term lofting originally came from the shipbuilding industry where loftsmen worked on "barn loft" type structures to create the keel and bulkhead forms out of wood. This was then passed on to the aircraft then automotive industries who also required streamline shapes.
The term spline also has nautical origins coming from East Anglian dialect word for a thin long strip of wood (probably from old English and Germanic word splint).
The Clitophon (Greek: Κλειτοφῶν, also transliterated as Cleitophon; Latin: Clitopho) is a 4th-century BC dialogue traditionally ascribed to Plato, though the work's authenticity is debated. It is the shortest dialogue in Plato's traditional corpus. It centers on a discussion between Clitophon and Socrates, with Socrates remaining mostly silent. Most scholarship until recently has been concerned with the authenticity rather than the actual meaning and contents of Clitophon.The dialogue depicts Clitophon complaining to Socrates that Socrates' speeches are merely exhortative; they create a desire for justice and virtue, but do not instruct how one becomes just or what justice is. Throughout the dialogue Clitophon seems to narrate his changes towards justice and the protreptic from seeing Socrates as a god upon a stage with hopes and beliefs in attaining justice and virtue to thoughts of doubt and disappointment and eventual defiance of Socrates. Clitophon addresses Clitophon's contempt for protreptic, or exhortative, speeches. It showcases the ignorance of Socrates and depicts, as Mark Kremer puts it, the conflict of philosophy of Socrates and Clitophon's irrationality.
Not much is known about the historical Clitophon. What is known, outside of Plato, is from his presence in Aristophanes' The Frogs and Aristotle's Constitution of the Athenians. Depicted as a student of Euripides by Aristophanes, Clitophon is mentioned in relation to Theramenes, an Athenian politician, in both works. However while these works tell of Theramenes as Clitophon's companion, Bowe mentions Frogs and Athenian Constitution as not accurate reflections of the historical Clitophon, for only Theramenes is referenced in the works and Clitophon's character cannot be decided based solely upon his associations with Theramenes.As is evident from Plato's Republic and Clitophon, Clitophon was a politician of Athens, active from 411–405 BC, who was an advocate of ancestral law and a companion of Thrasymachus. In the Republic, Clitophon speaks to defend Thrasymachus' position that justice is what is right to the ruling body. Clitophon sticks to this position even when Thrasymachus backs down (340a-340b). This is the only point in which Clitophon speaks in Republic, but it shows his stubbornness and faith in his own opinions. This reluctance to yield is seen in Clitophon as well.
Socrates addresses Clitophon and confronts him on the rumor of Clitophon censuring spending time with Socrates while praising time with Thrasymachus (406a1-a4). Clitophon claims that he heard incorrectly and that while he did not praise some things of Socrates, he did praise others (406a5-a7). Socrates agrees to listen to Clitophon's side so that he might learn how to better himself by allowing himself be subject to Clitophon's criticism (407a1-a5).
Clitophon starts off by reminding Socrates that he is amazed by what Socrates says and admires his exhortative speeches (407a6-a8). Clitophon continues by giving examples of speeches, which Socrates has given (407a8-b2).
Socrates states that fathers focus on increasing their wealth while not finding teachers of justice to instruct their sons on how to use their wealth justly (407b2-b6). He is concerned with the traditional education, which emphasizes music, gymnastics and writing, for disharmony stems from the spirit rather than lacking of measure in music (407c1-d2). The fathers respond saying that injustice is a choice rather than a lack of education. Socrates counters this asking why would someone voluntarily do something hateful to the gods. He asserts that if one is willfully unjust, then he would be willing to allow defeat in battle; therefore it is more apt to say that one is involuntarily unjust (407d5-d7). He ends this speech declaring that more care should be given towards this education of justice (407d8-e3).
Clitophon interjects at the end of the first speech to reiterate his admiration of Socrates before continuing onto the second speech (407e3-e4).
Socrates points out that those who exercise the body are caring only for the part that is ruled, while neglecting the soul, which is what rules (407e5-e8). He goes on to say that if someone does not know how to use a tool, such as a lyre, eyes, ears and body, then that person would not know how to use that of his neighbors (407e8-408a4). Rather than using it incorrectly, it should be left alone (407e8-e9). The same concept pertains to the soul. If one does not know how to use their soul, then they should die or submit themselves to a life of slavery and those who are experts should rule (408a5-b3).
Clitophon concludes the speeches and agrees with the content of Socrates' exhortative works, for they wake people as if they were sleeping, and Clitophon has never spoken against them and never will (408c1-c4).
Clitophon wishes to learn what is followed by these speeches by comparing justice, as if an art, to improve the soul as medicine improves health (408c4). He asks if the companions of Socrates are now able to pursue virtue further or if they are merely only able to exhort others (408d3-e2). He compares the care of the body and soul to the care of agriculture. One should not care only for the products of agriculture, but also pay heed to that which improves the body more permanently; therefore one should pay heed to the soul and virtue and seek a device able to secure such virtue (408e5-e10). Clitophon asks the companions what art improves the soul; they respond "justice" (409a2-a6) Clitophon is not satisfied, for with justice as an art, like medicine and carpentry, it must have two effects (409a7-b1). Medicine results in more physicians and health; carpentry results in more carpenters and buildings (409b2-b6). With one result being the perpetuation of the art, justice results in just men (409b6-b8). He then asks for the second result of justice (409b8-b4).
The companions give the answers "the beneficial," "the needful," "the useful," "the profitable" (409c1-c3). Clitophon finds these answers inadequate, for they are not unique to justice but are the results of all other arts as well (409c6-c7). Another answer given is "friendships" (409d4-d6) Upon elaboration, the definition of friendship is narrowed to the agreement of knowledge (409e3-e10). Again, this attribute can be given to other arts as well (410a3-a4). Finally Socrates answers that justice is to harm enemies and benefit friends, then later it seems that just men never injure anyone and do only good (410a8-b2).
Clitophon is frustrated by these responses, or lack thereof, and claims that Socrates is unable to tell him how to attain virtue and justice (410b3-b6). This inability is either from Socrates' ignorance of how to go further than exhorting, or his unwillingness to share such knowledge with Clitophon (410b6-c6). He gives this reason for his association with Thrasymachus and others, searching for definitions and actions toward justice (410c6-c7).
Clitophon asks Socrates one last time about the nature of the body and how to care for it (410c7-d5). If Socrates is able to tell him, then Clitophon will be able to praise Socrates whole-heartedly (410e3-e5). If not, Clitophon asserts that, while Socrates is excellent at creating a desire for virtue, he is an obstacle to those whom he has already inculcated that desire (410e5-e8).
According to Slings, the use of the protreptic in Clitophon is a parody of protreptic literature, which is designed to cause a change in behavior of the listener. Whether or not Clitophon was paraphrasing, Socrates' speeches lack congruence in content with three unrelated exhortations, taking the pattern of the Platonic trichotomy of values. Clitophon employs this pattern with exhortative motifs seen in other dialogues. The beginning of the dialogue is the accusing protreptic seen in Plato's Apology at 29d9-e3. Slings' example of the accusing protreptic is, "you care about the pseudo-Values x, y, not about true Values p, q." Clitophon's first example of Socrates' speech reflects the motifs of wealth from Plato's Euthydemus; gaining wealth has no used without knowing how to use it (280b8-d7), it is better to leave wisdom than money to your children (282a7-8, 301e1-3), not only one's children but oneself should be educated in wisdom (307c3-4). The last motif of slavery is within the second example of Socrates' speeches in which variants are seen also in Plato's Euthydemus (280e3-281e2) and Alcibiades I (117c6-e5), Xenophon's Memorabilia (4.2.25-29), Aristotle's Protrepticus (62-66). What one cannot handle should be left to others or be left alone. The use of the protreptic and protreptic motifs in Clitophon is to prove that explicit protreptic is not advantageous and instead implicit protreptic ought to be preferred.
As Slings mentions, justice is a secondary theme in Clitophon; justice is primarily used to show the ignorance of Clitophon. Clitophon depicts the concentric definitions of justice's results with the latter definition expanding upon the former until the definition is closer to the object in search and aporia, confusion or puzzlement, is reached. However, in Clitophon, aporia is reached prematurely before Socrates gives his definition. The first set of definitions of the result of justice are definitions borrowed from Republic I with some differences; Clitophon lacks "the gainful" and places "the beneficial" at the beginning of the list rather than the end. The second definition of "friendship in the cities" is a common concept in 4th century philosophical literature, but Slings counters that friendship cannot be given as a definition of the result of justice, for it is the parallel to justice. In Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics, justice and friendship have the same subject and object; therefore they increase correspondingly (1159ab25-26, 1160a7-8). With respect to the third definition, Plato is the first to reject that to be just is to harm enemies and benefit friends. His rejection is due to Socrates' other definition that justice is benefiting everyone; however, this definition is left undeveloped. In the end, these definitions failed to fit into the criteria of an art with two results.
Clitophon throughout the dialogue displays his own ignorance, whether intentionally or not. Most important to understanding the dialogue is his ignorance of Socrates' speeches, methodology and his own ignorance.
As Moore points out, Clitophon does not understand Socrates' speeches. He paraphrases them, takes them out of context, and implies there was a much larger audience for the speeches than there actually would have been. There is a misrepresentation and misunderstanding of Socrates' definition of justice and the differing means through which Socrates and Clitophon view virtue and justice as being achieved, by speech and deed, respectively. It is possible that Socrates uses protreptic speeches because he sees being just as being the same as having a desire to be just; therefore justice is achieved through speech. Clitophon holds that deeds and actions need to bring about change and make one just. This clear misunderstanding of justice is an example of how Clitophon misunderstands Socrates' speeches, for Clitophon has already been given the answer for how to achieve justice.
Through not understanding his speeches, Clitophon does not understand Socrates' methods. Clitophon tries to make the protreptic speeches of Socrates effectual while in their nature they are solely meant to encourage and cause people to have a desire for justice. Clitophon misunderstands the Socratic method of elenchus, the cross-examination statements of interlocutors. Clitophon attempts to employ elenchus when he had questioned Socrates' companions, but the portrayal of his method when relating the conversation to Socrates is too one-sided with concern only for his answers and paraphrasing that of the others. This leads Bryan to label Clitophon as a pseudo-dialogue through his use of pseudo-elenchus. Having spoken with Socrates on the topic of justice it is clear that either Clitophon was not a receiver of Socrates' elenchus or he did not realize that he had been given the answer to how to achieve justice. Due to Clitophon's desire to be told what to think, this does not make him a proper interlocutor for elenchus.The largest obstacle and most important example of Clitophon's ignorance is his ignorance of his ignorance. Slings, in his portrayals of the levels of Clitophon's character, defines Clitophon as an unabashed young man, who is defensive when provoked; this is seen in his hubristic claims to know of Socrates' speeches and methods, and his attack of Socrates. Wishing to gain the knowledge of how to attain justice for political advancement, Clitophon knows that to be told what he wants, he needs to claim aporia. However to actually experience aporia through elenchus, Clitophon needs to acknowledge ignorance and bad qualities. Clitophon remains ignorant to his bad qualities and assumes that he knows much in terms of Socrates' speeches and methodologies. This ignorance holds Clitophon back from gaining the knowledge of justice.
The character of Socrates in the dialogue causes difficulty in interpreting the dialogue and Socrates' silence. The Socrates within Clitophon is not necessarily equated with the historical Socrates. Within 4th century philosophical texts of the genre logos Sokratikos, the literary character of Socrates was prominent. The double character of Socrates in Clitophon, as Slings points out, labels Clitophon as a literary work rather than a philosophical pamphlet. The reader must detach himself or herself and read Clitophon as a fictional work. Socrates is used as a symbol of the protreptic and this causes the misinterpretations of the dialogue as well as the meaning of Socrates' silence. Socrates' character in the dialogue must be realized in his capacity as a tool of protrepticism and not as an accurate portrayal of the historical Socrates.
One of the more puzzling aspects of the dialogue is Socrates' silence. Clitophon seems to be an attack on him and yet there is no rebuttal of Clitophon's remarks. What meaning, if anything, does his silence impart on the dialogue? Hayden Ausland indicates that his silence may be just a characteristic of the protreptic genre. This silence leaves the dialogue open-ended to elicit the reader to think what may have happened and reflect on what was just said. Another belief is that Socrates' silence is a pause in thinking, which continues into his speeches in Republic.Socrates' silence also may be due to his inability to go further to teach Clitophon. As mentioned, Clitophon is ignorant of his faults and not aware of Socrates' methods at work. Socrates may not be able to do more for him. The gap between Socrates and Clitophon is illuminated and depicts the weakness of speech to not help make Clitophon understand Socrates' teachings.As another stylistic reason, the silence is a Platonic characteristic to show what Socrates is by showing what he is not. Socrates is put in the light of Clitophon's ignorance and differences between the two are seen. Kremer notes that Clitophon is depicted as the antipoetic foil of Socrates.Orwin suggests that this silence may be indicative of a legal study, stating that Clitophon may be a counter-Apology, in which Socrates is a defendant, which would not necessitate a response from Socrates. The dialogue begins with Socrates speaking in third person when referring to himself and Clitophon, which can be equated with a legal statement. What follows would then be the defense of Clitophon.
An important note is that Socrates claimed that he would reply, for he had stated that he would listen to Clitophon's complaints and try to learn from them. Along the same thought, Socrates is searching for the truth of people's perceptions of him and his teachings. A characteristic of Platonic dialogues is for Socrates to listen. In Clitophon, he is acting as the audience for Clitophon, who is taking on the role of the frank speaker. Socrates is also setting a precedent for the correct behavior when someone is speaking, something which Clitophon himself does not do well.
Only in recent scholarship have there been doubts about the authenticity of Clitophon as a work of Plato. Many ancient authors, such as Diogenes Laërtius, who stated that it was taken straight from the hand of Plato, had cited Clitophon. In the 19th century, scholars began to label Clitophon as spurious because it did not fit their subjective interpretation of what qualifies as Platonic works. Attempts to defend the authenticity have sprung up, but among the defenses there is still much disagreement over classifying the work as fragmentary, completed and independent, or related with Republic.
The rejection of Clitophon depends on both thematic and philological reasons. Heidel and others believed that the vocabulary used in Clitophon would not have been used by Plato; however, that argument has been defeated by Brunnecke, Kester and Grube. Plato's use of language is too varied and interpretations of style are too subjective to be able to use language as a base from which to deem Clitophon unauthentic.The more substantial argument is based on the anti-Socratic sentiment. It is difficult at first to answer why Socrates would be criticized by his student and follower. While it was thought that the confusion of Clitophon's authorship began with the Aldine Press editions of Plato's works, the 1491 Ficino translations say that this work was not Plato's. This indication was from Greek manuscripts, which did not clearly state the author of Clitophon. Schleiermacher was one of the first to lead people to characterize Clitophon as spurious; while he acknowledges its listing in the Platonic corpus, he could not reconcile the non-Socratic sensitivity. It seems improbable for the author to not be Plato, for he is not intending to criticize the historical Socrates, but to create an example of a person not understanding Socrates through the reproach of literary Socrates.If Clitophon is indeed spurious, then who would have written this dialogue? Slings had originally noted that due to the similarity of writing to that of Plato's, it must have been written by a student of Plato. Schleiermacher believed it to have been written by a contemporary school of rhetoric, which wrote this dialogue as an attack against Socrates. It is difficult to attribute a work so similar in style to Plato's to another person. Slings in his later work admittedly changed his thesis on the authorship and claimed that it is easier to accept as a work of Plato than to postulate an anonymous author similar to Plato's skill.
It seems more acceptable to classify Clitophon as a work of Plato. Yxem was the first to question the Aldine editions' of 1513 placement of Clitophon as a mistake. As already mentioned, there are ancient writers who have cited Clitophon and indicated no suspicions of its authenticity. Grote mentions it safer to accept this work as one of Plato rather than ascribe it to another.
Brunnecke, Kester and Souilhe believe this dialogue to be an attack on Antisthenes. Based upon Diogenes Laërtius crediting Antisthenes with three books of protreptic works in his Lives and Opinions of Eminent Philosophers vi 16, Clitophon may well be a criticism of Antisthenes. The author of Clitophon uses one of Antisthenes' protreptic works and summarizes its content. Throughout Clitophon, Plato disparages the use of protreptic speeches. This could easily be an answer to why Plato seems to be anti-Socratic; he wishes to indirectly denounce Antisthenes via Socrates. However this seems to far-fetched to connect a symbolic attack of Socrates to a real intended attack of Antisthenes.
Many think that Clitophon is a fragment or draft written by Plato. Grube believes Clitophon to have been a draft of Plato as a reflection of his dissatisfaction with his earlier methods, a tone seen in the middle period of Plato's works, but was abandoned as is attested to in its lack of revision. Bury believed that, if indeed it was written by Plato, Clitophon would be a fragmentary preface of Republic, a stance held by Shorey and Grote. However, Slings makes note that no ancient author ever indicated that Clitophon was incomplete or unfinished. In Parallel Lives, Plutarch, fully aware of Clitophon, mentions that Plato's life ended before finishing his work (32.2), namely Critias, not Clitophon; this indicates that Clitophon was finished in the opinion of ancient authors.
Discussed previously, Grube thought Clitophon was not necessarily a finished work, but one associated with Republic. Thrasyllus of Mendes, Tiberius' astrologer, arranged Clitophon within the Platonic corpus including Republic, Timaeus, and Critias. Grube thought it to be the criticism of Republic I and the rest of the Republic was a response to Clitophon. Annas defends this stance with her belief that the remainder of Republic, being mostly a monologue by Socrates, to be the response to the silence of Socrates. Also, with the views of justice in Republic I, Clitophon is a natural reaction to Republic I, with Clitophon seeking out Thrasymachus. With Clitophon and Socrates at odds within Republic without any explanation, Orwin indicated that Clitophon might be the missing confrontation between Socrates and Clitophon. However, there are difficulties when attempting to understand Clitophon in relation to Republic, for it is unclear where Clitophon should be placed. It is possible that Clitophon was written after Republic and Clitophon only draws definitions from Republic. But regardless of when it was written, it can still be read as an introduction to Republic, and only completed by it.
Although there are clear ties to Republic thematically in terms of the discussions on justice, Clitophon has very different themes concerning philosophical methods, resulting in its classification as an independent work in its own right. Above, the identification of Clitophon as a legal study has already been mentioned with no connections to another dialogue. On the other hand, Slings labels Clitophon as a short dialogue according to Müller's standards. Clitophon is used on this view to criticize protrepticism, for the colleagues of Socrates were only able to gain slogans and motifs surrounding justice rather than a full understanding of it. Clitophon is also a warning of how to not read protreptical dialogues and of the dangers of relying on these dialogues to gain insight. Clitophon did not want to think for himself, but rather to be told what to think by Socrates. As a replacement to protreptic speech, Slings proposes that Clitophon champions elenchus as the mode through which to attain virtue and justice by reaching aporia.
 Apocrypha public domain audiobook at LibriVox. Collection includes Clitopho. George Burges, translator (1855).
Edward Brian "Tubby" Hayes (30 January 1935 – 8 June 1973) was an English jazz multi-instrumentalist, best known for his tenor saxophone playing in groups with fellow sax player Ronnie Scott and with trumpeter Jimmy Deuchar.
Hayes was born in St Pancras, London, and brought up in London.  His father was a BBC studio violinist who gave his son violin lessons from an early age.  By the age of ten, Hayes was playing the piano, and started on the tenor sax at 11. Dizzy Gillespie was an early influence:
I always used to listen to swing music in the early 'Forties and, in fact, I was just a kid at the time. I did not really intend becoming a tenor player, though I always liked tenor. I think maybe Dizzy influenced me more than Parker because he was sort of more accessible, he caught your attention more. As far as my influences over the years are concerned, Getz was it at one stage in the proceedings, and later Rollins, Coltrane, Hank Mobley and, to a lesser degree, even Zoot [Sims].
One much repeated story about Hayes' early career was told by Ronnie Scott. Scott was playing at a club in Rose Hill near Sutton, and was asked whether he minded if a local player sat in: "This little boy came up, not much bigger than his tenor sax.  Rather patronisingly I suggested a number and off he went. He scared me to death."
Hayes attended Rutlish School in Merton Park, south London, where his music teacher was Roy Howard.  After a period spent playing with various semi-professional bands around London, Hayes left school and started playing professionally at the age of 15.
In 1951, aged 16, Hayes joined Kenny Baker's sextet, later playing for big-band leaders such as Ambrose, Terry Brown, Tito Burns, Roy Fox, Vic Lewis and Jack Parnell. In 1955, he formed his own octet, with which he toured the UK for 18 months.
Hayes took up the vibraphone in early 1957, having tried Victor Feldman's instrument on a gig. Although the vibes were a key double in his instrumental arsenal, he eventually tired of playing them, recording his final solo on the instrument in 1966.
From 1957 to 1959, he joined Ronnie Scott in co-leading a quintet, The Jazz Couriers, perhaps the most fondly remembered of British modern jazz groups.
Hayes took up the flute in 1958, making his recording debut on the instrument a year later. He continued to feature the flute throughout the remainder of his life.
Subsequently, Hayes reformed his quartet, and toured Germany with Kurt Edelhagen. Then, in 1961, he was invited to play at the Half Note Club in New York City; a new transatlantic Musicians' Union agreement meant that, in exchange, Zoot Sims played at Ronnie Scott's. While in the United States, Hayes recorded (Tubbs In N.Y.) with Clark Terry, Eddie Costa, and Horace Parlan, returning in 1962 for another visit, this time recording Return Visit! with James Moody, Roland Kirk, Walter Bishop Jr, Sam Jones and Louis Hayes. He played at the Half Note again in 1964, and at the Boston Jazz Workshop the same year, and at Shelly Manne's Manne-Hole in Los Angeles in 1965.
Back in London, Hayes formed his own big band, working in television, film and radio, and even having his own television series (1961–1962, and 1963). He stood in for Paul Gonsalves in February 1964 (with whom he also recorded twice: Just Friends taped in February 1964  and Change of Setting recorded a year later), when the Ellington orchestra played at the Royal Festival Hall.
As well as leading his own bands and recording under his own name, Hayes also appears on recordings by other UK jazz musicians, such as the Harry South Big Band, the Ian Hamer Sextet and later studio sessions by Ted Heath's Orchestra. Hayes was also a prolific session musician in many genres. Among his many credits, Hayes was one of the session musicians on Music in a Doll's House, the 1967 debut album by rock band Family, on which Mike Batt arranged the strings and brass. Batt credits Hayes with saving his arrangement on the track "Old Songs for New Songs", which was his first major recording session as an arranger—on the first take, he discovered he had inadvertently notated the parts in the wrong key but Hayes and his colleagues, realising his mistake, discreetly transposed their parts by ear so that they would match the backing track.Hayes appeared in a number of films, including All Night Long (1961) with Dave Brubeck and Charles Mingus, and (with his group) in A King in New York directed by Charlie Chaplin (1957), The Beauty Jungle (1964) and Dr. Terror's House of Horrors (1965). He also played at jazz festivals, including Reading, Windsor, Antibes, Lugano, Vienna and Berlin.
By the mid-sixties, regular gigs were harder to come by for British jazz musicians; first rock and roll, and then rhythm & blues and The Beatles had altered the musical landscape and as a result Hayes now rarely worked at London clubs like 'The Flamingo' and 'The Marquee' at which he'd been a regular headliner during the late 1950s and early 1960s. Matters were made worse by a combination of relationship, alcohol and narcotics issues, which by 1968 had begun to publicly affect his career. He was arrested in August 1968 for possession of heroin and was given a suspended sentence. By the end of the following year, he had begun to experience breathing difficulties when playing, the latest in a long series of afflictions. In 1970, Hayes spent 15 weeks in a hospital with a severe infection of his internal organs. In July 1971, he underwent open heart surgery to replace the Mitral Valve. This operation was a success and he was able to start performing again in December 1971. In 1972, he toured Norway, Sweden and Finland.
Hayes died In 1973, during a second heart operation at Hammersmith, at the age of 38. He was cremated and the ashes interred at the Golders Green Crematorium, where there is a white stone memorial plaque affixed to one of the walls. The epitaph reads "Long Live His Memory And His Music".
Hayes left a legacy of recordings which became sought-after collectors' items, almost all of which have been re-issued on CD. Despite a rumour that some early Tempo master tapes owned by Decca were discarded by the company, it was discovered that certain masters did still exist, including those for one of Hayes's best albums, Tubby's Groove, recorded in 1959. Further tapes from this session were sent to Blue Note Records for audition in 1960 but were subsequently lost until they were rediscovered in 2008. These were included in the album Tubby's New Groove, issued by Candid in 2011.
In 2015, a full-length biography, The Long Shadow of The Little Giant: The Life, Work and Legacy of Tubby Hayes by Simon Spillett was published by Equinox Publishing. The book received praise in both the specialist and non-specialist press, and was nominated among the top books of 2015 by The Guardian. Spillett has also catalogued Hayes private tape archive and has organised the release of many previously unheard Hayes sessions on labels including Art Of Life, Rare Music, Harkit, Tentoten, Savage Solweig, Gearbox, Candid, Jasmine, Proper, Acrobat, Fantastic Voyage, Avid and Real Gone Jazz.
A DVD documentary, Tubby Hayes: A Man In A Hurry, directed by Lee Cogswell and produced by Mark Baxter, with narration by actor Martin Freeman, was released in 2015. It contains archive footage and interviews with fellow musicians, friends, family and fans of Hayes.
1957: The Jazz Couriers Featuring Ronnie Scott and Tubby Hayes (Tempo TAP 15) – with Ronnie Scott, Terry Shannon, Phil Bates, Bill Eyden
1959: The Last Word – The Jazz Couriers (Tempo TAP 26) [also released as The Message From Britain (Jazzland JLP 934)]
1959: London Jazz Quartet (Tempo TAP 28) – with  Alan Branscombe, Jack Fallon, Tony Crombie  [rel. 1960]
1961: Palladium Jazz Date [live] (Fontana TFL 5151) – album shared with Cleo Laine; Laine is on Side A, Hayes' quartet is on Side B.
1961: All Night Long (soundtrack) (Fontana TFL 5179/STFL 591) – with Dave Brubeck, Johnny Dankworth, Charles Mingus [rel. 1962]
1961: Tubbs In N.Y. (Fontana TFL 5183/STFL 595) [also released as Tubby The Tenor (Epic BA 17023)] – Tubby Hayes Sextet (including Clark Terry, Eddie Costa, Horace Parlan)
1962: Return Visit! (Fontana TL 5195) [also released as Tubby's Back In Town! (Smash SRS 67026)] – Tubby Hayes and The All Stars (including James Moody, Roland Kirk, Walter Bishop Jr.) [rel. 1963]
1963–65: Live In London (includes an interview with Hayes by Les Tomkins at 'The Old Place' in Gerrard Street, London) [rel. 2004]
1964: Dancing In The Dark [live] – Tubby Hayes Quintet [rel. 2011] ***note: sub-titled 'The Tubby Hayes Archive...Volume 02' (Savage Solweig SS-002CD)
1967–70: Lament [live] – Tubby Hayes Quartet [rel. 2010] ***note: sub-titled 'The Tubby Hayes Archive...Volume 01' (Savage Solweig SS-001CD)
1969: Rumpus [live] – The Tubby Hayes Big Band [rel. 2015] ***note: sub-titled 'The Tubby Hayes Archive...Volume 03' (Savage Solweig SS-003CD)
1972: Split Kick: Live In Sweden 1972 [rel. 2016] ***note: sub-titled 'The Tubby Hayes Archive...Volume 04' (Savage Solweig SS-004CD)With Jack Costanzo
Simon Spillett – The Long Shadow of The Little Giant: The Life, Work and Legacy of Tubby Hayes (ISBN 978-1781791738)
John of Hazelgreen or Jock O'Hazeldean is Child ballad 293. Jock o'Hazeldean was a poem based on a fragment of the ballad by Sir Walter Scott. Versions of the ballad were published by Chambers, Kinloch and Buchan. The version printed by John S. Roberts (1887) was compiled from those of Kinloch and Buchan.
A man asks a maid why she is weeping; it is for the love of John of Hazelgreen.  He offers to marry her to his oldest, or youngest, son if she will forsake him, and she refuses. Nevertheless, he takes her with him, and he proves to be John of Hazelgreen's father, and informs his son that he is marrying her that day.
The Jock of Hazeldean version has a different plot. The father of the groom tries to reconcile the woman to marrying his son, but she is utterly passive in the face of her prospective father-in-law's enticements, replying only by weeping. However, at the very end of the song, she turns out to have been playing a waiting game; she has disappeared with her lover Jock O'Hazeldean, eloping across the English-Scottish border.
The Copa Chile 1993 was the 25th edition of the Chilean Cup tournament. The competition started on February 20, 1993, and concluded on May 23, 1993. U. Española won the competition for their third time, beating Cobreloa 3-1 on the final. 
The points system used in the first round of the tournament was; 2 points for the winner but, if the winner team scores 4 or more goals, they won 3 points; in case of a tie, every team took 1 point but, no points for each team if the score were 0–0.
Evaristo Márquez Contreras was born in Juan Gallego, a small village in El Madroño, in Seville, Andalusia, Spain. He was the first son of Evaristo Márquez Fernández and Librada Contreras Alonso.
When he was four, his family moved to Nerva, in the province of Huelva. He attended primary school there. In secondary school he received a vocational certificate in bookkeeping and earned a certificate of specialization in mining. After graduation, he went to work as a servant for the Local Council while simultaneously enrolled in the university where he earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts.
In the early 70's, Evaristo Márquez made a sculptural portrait of "Daniel Vazquez Diaz" (painter), "José María Morón" (poet), "Jose María Labrador" (painter) and "Maestro Rojas" (musician), all of which he later donated to Nerva City Hall in 1976. They were part of the 2013 exhibit Colectiva de Arte Local (Local Art Collective) in El Museo Vázquez Diaz de Nerva museum.In 1973 he won First Prize in Sculpture for the Exhibition "End of Course 1972/73", granted by the State Fine Arts Office. In 1974 he moved to Seville to work as a drawing teacher in different secondary schools: Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer, Vicente Aleixander, Joaquin Turina. And in that same year he won  First Prize at the Exposición de otoño (Autumn Exhibition) for his work "Minero" (The Miner)  sponsored by the Real Academia de Bellas Artes Santa Isabel de Hungría (Royal Academy of Fine Arts - St. Isabel of Hungary).
In the XXIV Exposición de otoño of 1975 he received an Honorable Mention for his portrait Sra. de Iturralde (The Lady from Iturralde) and the highly prestigious National Prize thanks to his sculpture El minero (The Miner) . That same year the City Council of Minas de Riotinto commissioned him to develop a new sculptural project on the same subject. Evaristo Márquez created five miniature reproductions of El minero in black bronze that he later gifted to King Juan Carlos I; Governor Rafael Hurtado of Huelva; Regional Minister of Mining Eugenio Morera Altisent; former general delegate of the INP (Welfare Department) Fernando López-Barranco Rodríguez, and current general delegate of the INP Francisco Javier Minondo Sanz. They were presented in a ceremony on March 31, 1976 in the town of Minas de Riotinto.
The following year he was appointed to the board of directors for El Colegio Oficial de Profesores de Dibujo de Andalucía Occidental y Extremadura.In 1981 he obtained an award at the XXIX Exposición de otoño for his life's work. 
In 1987 at the XXXVI Exposición de Otoño, he exhibited a bronze bust of a child entitled Busto de niño and was awarded first prize. Four years later he defended his Doctoral thesis on Carmen Jiménez Serrano's sculptural work to the Faculty of Fine Arts of at the University of Seville. He co-authored the 1994 biography Carmen Jiménez with Enrique Pareja López and Carmen Jiménez.
The Stauden Railway (German: Staudenbahn) is a railway line through the Stauden (hence the name), the southern part of the Augsburg-Westerwald Nature Park (in the districts of Augsburg and Unterallgäu, Bavaria, Germany). The line was built from 1908 to 1912 and had a length of 42.4 kilometres (26.3 mi). One section (Ettringen – Markt Wald) was closed in 1983 because of low passenger numbers and the poor state of the track. The line from Türkheim to Ettringen is used by the factory Lang Papier. The section from Markt Wald to Gessertshausen is only used by an excursion train association. Every second Sunday a diesel fuel train runs from Augsburg Hbf to Markt Wald.
With the discussion about the suburban railway Augsburg there is a railway line planned to the planned station Langenneufnach Süd. Furthermore, the passenger traffic from Augsburg to Bad Wörishofen should be recommissioned.
Jian Renzi (Chinese: 菅纫姿; born 19 October 1991), also known as Joyce Jian, is a Chinese actress. She is known for her roles in My Sunshine (2015) and Game of Hunting (2017). 
Jian was born 19 October 1991 in Shenyang, Liaoning, China. She graduated from the Central Academy of Drama in 2014.
Jian started her acting career in 2014 with the movie Fantasia. In the same year she started to gain popularity for her role in The Romance of the Condor Heroes. In 2015 she rose to fame starring as He Yimei in the television show My Sunshine. The show was a huge success in China gaining over 10 billion views online and won Audience's Favorite TV Series (Dragon TV) at the 1st China Television Drama Quality Ceremony.In 2017, she starred alongside Hu Ge in the TV show Game of Hunting. Jian gained popularity due to the show and received positive reviews for her performance. She was cast in the wuxia drama Wen Tian Lu, and spy drama Autumn Cicada.In 2018, Jian starred in the workplace drama Partners.
He was born in Frankfurt-am-Main. He belonged to the Rashi family, and on his mother's side was the grandson of Johanan Luria, and on his father's of Josel of Rosheim. After having studied in his native city under the direction of Jacob Ginzburg and Akiba Frankfort, Loans went to Cracow, where he attended the lectures of Menahem Mendel. While there he prepared for publication the "Darke Mosheh" of Moses Isserles. At the beginning of the seventeenth century Loans was called to the rabbinate of Fulda, which he left in 1612, occupying successively the rabbinates of Hanau, Friedberg (1620), and Worms (1630), in which last-named city he remained until his death.Loans was a diligent student of Kabbalah, and for this reason was surnamed "Ba'al Shem." He was also accomplished in music and calligraphy, and various legends circulated regarding his personality. He was the author of the following works: Rinnat Dodim (Basel, 1600), a commentary on Canticles; Miklol Yofi (Amsterdam, 1695), a commentary on Ecclesiastes; Wikkuaḥ Yayin 'im ha-Mayim (Amsterdam, 1757), a poem with a commentary; Ma'agle Ẓedeḳ (Neubauer, "Catalogue of the Hebrew MSS. in the Bodleian Library" No. 1832), a commentary on Baḥya's "Ḥobot ha-Lebabot"; Ẓofnat Pa'aneaḥ (Neubauer, "Catalogue of the Hebrew MSS. in the Bodleian Library" No. 1830), a commentary on the "Tiḳḳune Zohar"; a commentary on Genesis Rabbah (Neubauer, "Catalogue of the Hebrew MSS. in the Bodleian Library" No. 149); and Adderet Eliyahu (Neubauer, "Catalogue of the Hebrew MSS. in the Bodleian Library" No. 1829), a commentary on the Zohar.Loans also edited the "'Ammude Shelomoh" of Solomon Luria on the "Semag" (Basel, 1599), and the "Sha'are Dura" of Isaac ben Meïr of Dueren, to which he wrote a preface (Neubauer, "Catalogue of the Hebrew MSS. in the Bodleian Library" No. 1600).
Carnauba (; Portuguese: carnaúba [kahnaˈubɐ]), also called Brazil wax and palm wax, is a wax of the leaves of the palm Copernicia prunifera (Synonym: Copernicia cerifera), a plant native to and grown only in the northeastern Brazilian states of Piauí, Ceará, Maranhão, Bahia, and Rio Grande do Norte. It is known as "queen of waxes" and in its pure state, usually comes in the form of hard yellow-brown flakes. It is obtained from the leaves of the carnauba palm by collecting and drying them, beating them to loosen the wax, then refining and bleaching the wax.
Carnauba consists mostly of aliphatic esters (40 wt%), diesters of 4-hydroxycinnamic acid (21.0 wt%), ω-hydroxycarboxylic acids (13.0 wt%), and fatty alcohols (12 wt%). The compounds are predominantly derived from acids and alcohols in the C26-C30 range. Distinctive for carnauba wax is the high content of diesters as well as methoxycinnamic acid.Carnauba wax is sold in several grades, labeled T1, T3, and T4, depending on the purity level.  Purification is accomplished by filtration, centrifugation, and bleaching.
Carnauba wax can produce a glossy finish and as such is used in automobile waxes, shoe polishes, dental floss, food products such as sweets, instrument polishes, and floor and furniture waxes and polishes, especially when mixed with beeswax and with turpentine. Use for paper coatings is the most common application in the United States. It was commonly used in its purest form as a coating on speedboat hulls in the early 1960s to enhance speed and aid in handling in salt water environments. It is also the main ingredient in surfboard wax, combined with coconut oil.Because of its hypoallergenic and emollient properties as well as its shine, carnauba wax appears as an ingredient in many cosmetics formulas where it is used to thicken lipstick, eyeliner, mascara, eye shadow, foundation, deodorant, various skin care preparations, sun care preparations, etc. It is also used to make cutler's resin.
It is the finish of choice for most briar tobacco or smoking pipes. It produces a high gloss finish when buffed on to wood. This finish dulls with time rather than flaking off (as is the case with most other finishes used).
Although too brittle to be used by itself, carnauba wax is often combined with other waxes (principally beeswax) to treat and waterproof many leather products where it provides a high-gloss finish and increases leather's hardness and durability.
It is also used in the pharmaceutical industry as a tablet-coating agent. Adding the carnauba wax aids in the swallowing of tablets for patients.  A very small amount (less than a hundredth of one percent by weight, i.e., 30 grams for a 300 kg batch) is sprinkled onto a batch of tablets after they have been sprayed and dried.  The wax and tablets are then tumbled together for a few minutes before being discharged from the tablet-coating machine.In 1890, Charles Tainter patented the use of carnauba wax on phonograph cylinders as a replacement for a mixture of paraffin and beeswax.
Carnauba wax may be used as a mold release agent for manufacture of fibre-reinforced plastics. An aerosol mold release agent is formed by dissolving carnauba wax in a solvent. Unlike silicone or PTFE, carnauba is suitable for use with liquid epoxy, epoxy molding compounds (EMC), and some other plastic types and generally enhances their properties. Carnauba wax is not very soluble in chlorinated or aromatic hydrocarbons.
Carnauba is used in melt/castable explosives to produce an insensitive explosive formula such as Composition B, which is a blend of RDX and TNT.
In 2006, Brazil produced 22,409 tons of carnauba wax, of which 14% was solid wax, and 86% was in powder form.
There are 20-25 exporters of carnauba wax in Brazil who buy the carnauba wax from middlemen or directly from farmers. The exporters refine the wax before exporting it to the rest of the world. 
The four largest exporters of carnauba wax are Pontes, Brasil Ceras, Foncepi, and Carnauba do Brasil, who together account for around €25 million of the export market. According to the German television program Markencheck, conditions for many carnauba production workers are quite poor; one Brazilian Labor Ministry official found conditions "that could be described as slavery."According to the Brazilian Ministry of Development, Industry and Foreign Trade, the major destinations for exported carnauba wax are:
Melting point: 82–86 °C (180–187 °F), among the highest of natural waxes, higher than beeswax, 62–64C.
It is practically insoluble in water, soluble by heating in ethyl acetate and in xylene, and practically insoluble in ethyl alcohol.
Notable people who served in the French Foreign Legion. The following is a list of legionnaires who have gained fame or notoriety inside or outside of the legion.
Crown Prince Bảo Long (Chữ nôm 保隆) of Vietnam - head of the Nguyễn Dynasty, the now deposed Emperors of Vietnam
Simon Murray, British businessman, adventurer, author and the oldest man to reach the South Pole unsupported
Peter Julien Ortiz, American, later decorated USMC officer and OSS operative in Occupied France during WWII (Also served in the Legion as an acting Lieutenant)
Encore Computer was an early pioneer in the parallel computing market, based in Marlborough, Massachusetts. Although offering a number of system designs beginning in 1985, they were never as well known as other companies in this field such as Pyramid Technology, Alliant, and the most similar systems Sequent and FLEX.
Encore was founded in 1983 by: Kenneth Fisher, former CEO of Prime Computer; Gordon Bell, an engineering vice president from Digital Equipment Corporation responsible for the development of the VAX; and, Henry Burkhardt III, co-founder of Data General and Kendall Square Research. Their goal was to build massively parallel machines from commodity processors; their first design, the Multimax, was released in September 1985. This was one of the first commercial designs to make use of bus snooping, allowing many processors to share the same memory efficiently.
The original Multimax could support from one to ten pairs of 10 MHz National Semiconductor NS32032 processors, a 32-bit CISC design similar to that of the Motorola 68000. Subsequent Multimax models supported NS32332 and NS32532 processors at higher clock rates. The last National-based Multimax was the model 500 offered in 1989. All models ran the user's choice of BSD or System V Unix or Mach. All three operating systems were modified for parallel computing. However, soon after the 500's release, National stopped development of the NS32032 design.
In 1988 Encore purchased the former Systems Engineering Laboratories (SEL) from Nippon Mining.  SEL, founded in 1961, built high-performance electronics systems for industrial monitoring and control purposes, and was purchased by Gould Electronics in 1980; Gould was in turn purchased by Nippon Mining in 1988. Because of US Government regulations which forbid foreign companies from owning control of companies providing key components of the national defense (SEL computers were used in many military flight simulators) Nippon had to sell the computer division. Nippon in essence paid Encore to buy the computer division.
Encore then turned, as did most of the market, to RISC-based CPUs. They chose the Motorola 88000, and released the Encore-91 in late 1991, supporting two (9102) or four (9104) CPUs running at 25 MHz. A bottom-up redesign for the new processor led to the Infinity 90 series, starting with the Infinity 90/ES in 1994. The ES supported between 2 and 2,045 Motorola 88110 CPUs running at 50 MHz. Several newer machines in the Infinity 90 series were released, but Encore again found its CPU supplier changing direction as Motorola dropped development of the 88000 series in order to concentrate on the PowerPC.
Trying again, this time in the high-performance real-time market, Encore turned to the Alpha 21064 to create the Infinity R/T Model 300, which first shipped in late 1994. By this point the massively-parallel market was being encroached on by machines made up of large numbers of commodity machines, and Encore released a single-CPU workstation running OSF/1, the Series 90 RT 3000. It was intended to be used either standalone, or as a node in a massively-parallel machine.
Encore also worked on a modified RISC design known as the RSX. This was intended to operate in two modes, one as a normal CPU node for clusters, and in a CONCEPT/32 compatibility mode, which emulated earlier custom hardware from the realtime side of the company.  Encore continues to offer upgrade paths for their earlier systems, some of which date back to 1975.
Parts of the computing side of the company were sold off over the years, with the last major spin-off being their Storage Products Group, sold to Sun Microsystems in 1997.In 1998 Gores Technology Group acquired Encore, and renamed it "Encore Real Time Computing." This left the company consisting primarily of their real-time group and the original SEL core, returning to this business niche.
In 2002, Compro Computer Services acquired Encore Real Time Computing, although most of the non-US offices still operate under the Encore name. Compro continues its support of SelBUS-based SEL, Gould and Encore Real Time Computing products, and offers an upgrade path with the Legacy Computer Replacement System (LCRS) hardware simulator.
A sample Encore Multimax system donated from the Naval Postgraduate School is in storage at the Computer History Museum.
The 2017–18 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team represented the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Panthers, led by first-year head coach Pat Baldwin, played their home games at the UW–Milwaukee Panther Arena and the Klotsche Center as members of the Horizon League. They finished the season 16–17, 8–10 in Horizon League play to finish in a tie for fifth place. They defeated UIC in the quarterfinals of the Horizon League Tournament before losing in the semifinals to Wright State.
The Panthers finished the 2016–17 season 11–24, 4–14 in Horizon League play to finish in last place. They defeated Detroit, Valparaiso, and UIC to advance to the championship game of the Horizon League Tournament where they lost to Northern Kentucky.
On June 12, 2017, head coach LaVall Jordan left the school to accept the head coaching position at Butler, his alma mater. On June 20, the school named Patrick Baldwin head coach.
Born as Cesare Deitinger in  Rome, Italy to an Austrian father and an Italian mother; he adopted Danova as his stage name after becoming an actor in Rome at the end of World War II. After the film Don Juan (1955) he emigrated to the United States. He was contracted to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1956.His appearances include The Man Who Understood Women (1959). He tested for a part in Ben Hur, but his big break was the role of Apollodorus, Cleopatra's personal servant, in the 1963 film Cleopatra, directed by Joseph Mankiewicz and starring Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton and Rex Harrison. The original script called for a major role for Danova, who was to form a trio of Cleopatra's lovers alongside Harrison's Caesar and Burton's Marc Antony. Though a number of scenes featuring Taylor and Danova were shot, the script was revised and the role truncated as the Burton-Taylor affair made tabloid headlines. The following year Danova starred as Count Elmo Mancini in Viva Las Vegas as Elvis Presley's rival for both Ann-Margret and the Las Vegas Grand Prix.In 1967, Danova played the role of Actor in the TV series Garrison's Gorillas. The series only ran for 26 episodes. Two of his best roles were as the neighborhood mafia Don, Giovanni Cappa, in Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets (1973) and as the corrupt mayor of Faber, Carmine DePasto, in National Lampoon's Animal House (1978). He appeared in three episodes of The Rifleman, and regularly appeared as a guest star on numerous television series, including Honey West, Daniel Boone, Charlie's Angels, The Love Boat, "Sanford & Son", Fantasy Island, Murder, She Wrote, Airwolf, Maude, Night Gallery, Falcon Crest, Hart to Hart, Mission: Impossible (1988–90), and his final television appearance in 1992 as Father DiMarco on In the Heat of the Night.
Danova died of a heart attack on March 19, 1992, aged 66, at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences headquarters in Los Angeles while attending a meeting of the Foreign Language Film committee.
The El Paso–Las Cruces, Texas–New Mexico, combined statistical area consists of two counties in western Texas and one in southern New Mexico.  This CSA was defined as part of the United States Office of Management and Budget's 2013 delineations for metropolitan, micropolitan, and combined statistical areas.  As of the 2017 census estimate, the CSA had a population of 1,060,397 making it the 54th largest combined statistical area in the United States. The statistical area consists of the metropolitan areas of El Paso, Texas and Las Cruces, New Mexico. This CSA has a GDP of about $33 billion and would rank 58th nationally among all CSA or metro areas. The total land area of the El Paso–Las Cruces combined statistical area is 9,402 sq. mi.
Ferromagnetism is the basic mechanism by which certain materials (such as iron) form permanent magnets, or are attracted to magnets. In physics, several different types of magnetism are distinguished. Ferromagnetism (along with the similar effect ferrimagnetism)  is the strongest type and is responsible for the common phenomena of magnetism in magnets encountered in everyday life. Substances respond weakly to magnetic fields with three other types of magnetism—paramagnetism, diamagnetism, and antiferromagnetism—but the forces are usually so weak that they can only be detected by sensitive instruments in a laboratory.  An everyday example of ferromagnetism is a refrigerator magnet used to hold notes on a refrigerator door.  The attraction between a magnet and ferromagnetic material is "the quality of magnetism first apparent to the ancient world, and to us today".Permanent magnets (materials that can be magnetized by an external magnetic field and remain magnetized after the external field is removed) are either ferromagnetic or ferrimagnetic, as are the materials that are noticeably attracted to them.  Only a few substances are ferromagnetic.  The common ones are iron, cobalt, nickel and most of their alloys, and some compounds of rare earth metals.
Ferromagnetism is very important in industry and modern technology, and is the basis for many electrical and electromechanical devices such as electromagnets, electric motors, generators, transformers, and magnetic storage such as tape recorders, and hard disks, and nondestructive testing of ferrous materials.
Historically, the term ferromagnetism was used for any material that could exhibit spontaneous magnetization: a net magnetic moment in the absence of an external magnetic field. This general definition is still in common use.However, in a landmark paper in 1948, Louis Néel showed there are two levels of magnetic alignment that result in this behavior. One is ferromagnetism in the strict sense, where all the magnetic moments are aligned. The other is ferrimagnetism, where some magnetic moments point in the opposite direction but have a smaller contribution, so there is still a spontaneous magnetization.In the special case where the opposing moments balance completely, the alignment is known as antiferromagnetism; but antiferromagnets do not have a spontaneous magnetization.
The table above lists a selection of ferromagnetic and ferrimagnetic compounds, along with the temperature above which they cease to exhibit spontaneous magnetization (see Curie temperature).
Ferromagnetism is a property not just of the chemical make-up of a material, but of its crystalline structure and microstructure. There are ferromagnetic metal alloys whose constituents are not themselves ferromagnetic, called Heusler alloys, named after Fritz Heusler. Conversely there are non-magnetic alloys, such as types of stainless steel, composed almost exclusively of ferromagnetic metals.
Amorphous (non-crystalline) ferromagnetic metallic alloys can be made by very rapid quenching (cooling) of a liquid alloy. These have the advantage that their properties are nearly isotropic (not aligned along a crystal axis); this results in low coercivity, low hysteresis loss, high permeability, and high electrical resistivity. One such typical material is a transition metal-metalloid alloy, made from about 80% transition metal (usually Fe, Co, or Ni) and a metalloid component (B, C, Si, P, or Al) that lowers the melting point.
A relatively new class of exceptionally strong ferromagnetic materials are the rare-earth magnets. They contain lanthanide elements that are known for their ability to carry large magnetic moments in well-localized f-orbitals.
Most ferromagnetic materials are metals, since the conducting electrons are often responsible for mediating the ferromagnetic interactions. It is therefore a challenge to develop ferromagnetic insulators, especially multiferroic materials, which are both ferromagnetic and ferroelectric.
A number of actinide compounds are ferromagnets at room temperature or exhibit ferromagnetism upon cooling. PuP is a paramagnet with cubic symmetry at room temperature, but which undergoes a structural transition into a tetragonal state with ferromagnetic order when cooled below its TC = 125 K. In its ferromagnetic state, PuP's easy axis is in the <100> direction.In NpFe2 the easy axis is <111>. Above TC ≈ 500 K NpFe2 is also paramagnetic and cubic. Cooling below the Curie temperature produces a rhombohedral distortion wherein the rhombohedral angle changes from 60° (cubic phase) to 60.53°. An alternate description of this distortion is to consider the length c along the unique trigonal axis (after the distortion has begun) and a as the distance in the plane perpendicular to c. In the cubic phase this reduces to c/a = 1.00. Below the Curie temperature
  which is the largest strain in any actinide compound. NpNi2 undergoes a similar lattice distortion below TC = 32 K, with a strain of (43 ± 5) × 10−4. NpCo2 is a ferrimagnet below 15 K.
In 2009, a team of MIT physicists demonstrated that a lithium gas cooled to less than one kelvin can exhibit ferromagnetism. The team cooled fermionic lithium-6 to less than 150 nK (150 billionths of one kelvin) using infrared laser cooling. This demonstration is the first time that ferromagnetism has been demonstrated in a gas.
In 2018, a team of University of Minnesota physicists demonstrated that body-centered tetragonal ruthenium exhibits ferromagnetism at room temperature.
The Bohr–van Leeuwen theorem, discovered in the 1910s, showed that classical physics theories are unable to account for any form of magnetism, including ferromagnetism. Magnetism is now regarded as a purely quantum mechanical effect. Ferromagnetism arises due to two effects from quantum mechanics: spin and the Pauli exclusion principle.
One of the fundamental properties of an electron (besides that it carries charge) is that it has a magnetic dipole moment, i.e., it behaves like a tiny magnet, producing a magnetic field. This dipole moment comes from the more fundamental property of the electron that it has quantum mechanical spin.  Due to its quantum nature, the spin of the electron can be in one of only two states; with the magnetic field either pointing "up" or "down" (for any choice of up and down). The spin of the electrons in atoms is the main source of ferromagnetism, although there is also a contribution from the orbital angular momentum of the electron about the nucleus. When these magnetic dipoles in a piece of matter are aligned, (point in the same direction) their individually tiny magnetic fields add together to create a much larger macroscopic field.
However, materials made of atoms with filled electron shells have a total dipole moment of zero, because the electrons all exist in pairs with opposite spin, every electron's magnetic moment is cancelled by the opposite moment of the second electron in the pair. Only atoms with partially filled shells (i.e., unpaired spins) can have a net magnetic moment, so ferromagnetism only occurs in materials with partially filled shells. Because of Hund's rules, the first few electrons in a shell tend to have the same spin, thereby increasing the total dipole moment.
These unpaired dipoles (often called simply "spins" even though they also generally include orbital angular momentum) tend to align in parallel to an external magnetic field, an effect called paramagnetism. Ferromagnetism involves an additional phenomenon, however: in a few substances the dipoles tend to align spontaneously, giving rise to a spontaneous magnetization, even when there is no applied field.
When two nearby atoms have unpaired electrons, whether the electron spins are parallel or antiparallel affects whether the electrons can share the same orbit as a result of the quantum mechanical effect called the exchange interaction. This in turn affects the electron location and the Coulomb (electrostatic) interaction and thus the energy difference between these states.
The exchange interaction is related to the Pauli exclusion principle, which says that two electrons with the same spin cannot also be in the same spatial state (orbital). This is a consequence of the spin-statistics theorem and that electrons are fermions. Therefore, under certain conditions, when the orbitals of the unpaired outer valence electrons from adjacent atoms overlap, the distributions of their electric charge in space are farther apart when the electrons have parallel spins than when they have opposite spins. This reduces the electrostatic energy of the electrons when their spins are parallel compared to their energy when the spins are anti-parallel, so the parallel-spin state is more stable.  In simple terms, the electrons, which repel one another, can move "further apart" by aligning their spins, so the spins of these electrons tend to line up.  This difference in energy is called the exchange energy.
This energy difference can be orders of magnitude larger than the energy differences associated with the magnetic dipole-dipole interaction due to dipole orientation, which tends to align the dipoles antiparallel.   In certain doped semiconductor oxides RKKY interactions have been shown to bring about periodic longer-range magnetic interactions, a phenomenon of significance in the study of spintronic materials.The materials in which the exchange interaction is much stronger than the competing dipole-dipole interaction are frequently called magnetic materials. For instance, in iron (Fe) the exchange force is about 1000 times stronger than the dipole interaction.  Therefore, below the Curie temperature virtually all of the dipoles in a ferromagnetic material will be aligned. In addition to ferromagnetism, the exchange interaction is also responsible for the other types of spontaneous ordering of atomic magnetic moments occurring in magnetic solids, antiferromagnetism and ferrimagnetism.
There are different exchange interaction mechanisms which create the magnetism in different ferromagnetic, ferrimagnetic, and antiferromagnetic substances.  These mechanisms include direct exchange, RKKY exchange, double exchange, and superexchange.
Although the exchange interaction keeps spins aligned, it does not align them in a particular direction. Without magnetic anisotropy, the spins in a magnet randomly change direction in response to thermal fluctuations and the magnet is superparamagnetic. There are several kinds of magnetic anisotropy, the most common of which is magnetocrystalline anisotropy. This is a dependence of the energy on the direction of magnetization relative to the crystallographic lattice. Another common source of anisotropy, inverse magnetostriction, is induced by internal strains. Single-domain magnets also can have a shape anisotropy due to the magnetostatic effects of the particle shape. As the temperature of a magnet increases, the anisotropy tends to decrease, and there is often a blocking temperature at which a transition to superparamagnetism occurs.
The above would seem to suggest that every piece of ferromagnetic material should have a strong magnetic field, since all the spins are aligned, yet iron and other ferromagnets are often found in an "unmagnetized" state.  The reason for this is that a bulk piece of ferromagnetic material is divided into tiny regions called magnetic domains (also known as Weiss domains).  Within each domain, the spins are aligned, but (if the bulk material is in its lowest energy configuration; i.e. unmagnetized), the spins of separate domains point in different directions and their magnetic fields cancel out, so the object has no net large scale magnetic field.
Ferromagnetic materials spontaneously divide into magnetic domains because the exchange interaction is a short-range force, so over long distances of many atoms the tendency of the magnetic dipoles to reduce their energy by orienting in opposite directions wins out. If all the dipoles in a piece of ferromagnetic material are aligned parallel, it creates a large magnetic field extending into the space around it.  This contains a lot of magnetostatic energy.  The material can reduce this energy by splitting into many domains pointing in different directions, so the magnetic field is confined to small local fields in the material, reducing the volume of the field. The domains are separated by thin domain walls a number of molecules thick, in which the direction of magnetization of the dipoles rotates smoothly from one domain's direction to the other.
Thus, a piece of iron in its lowest energy state ("unmagnetized") generally has little or no net magnetic field. However, the magnetic domains in a material are not fixed in place; they are simply regions where the spins of the electrons have aligned spontaneously due to their magnetic fields, and thus can be altered by an external magnetic field.  If a strong enough external magnetic field is applied to the material, the domain walls will move by the process of the spins of the electrons in atoms near the wall in one domain turning under the influence of the external field to face in the same direction as the electrons in the other domain, thus reorienting the domains so more of the dipoles are aligned with the external field.  The domains will remain aligned when the external field is removed, creating a magnetic field of their own extending into the space around the material, thus creating a "permanent" magnet. The domains do not go back to their original minimum energy configuration when the field is removed because the domain walls tend to become 'pinned' or 'snagged' on defects in the crystal lattice, preserving their parallel orientation.  This is shown by the Barkhausen effect: as the magnetizing field is changed, the magnetization changes in thousands of tiny discontinuous jumps as the domain walls suddenly "snap" past defects.
This magnetization as a function of the external field is described by a hysteresis curve. Although this state of aligned domains found in a piece of magnetized ferromagnetic material is not a minimal-energy configuration, it is metastable, and can persist for long periods, as shown by samples of magnetite from the sea floor which have maintained their magnetization for millions of years.
Heating and then cooling (annealing) a magnetized material, subjecting it to vibration by hammering it, or applying a rapidly oscillating magnetic field from a degaussing coil tends to release the domain walls from their pinned state, and the domain boundaries tend to move back to a lower energy configuration with less external magnetic field, thus demagnetizing the material.
Commercial magnets are made of "hard" ferromagnetic or ferrimagnetic materials with very large magnetic anisotropy such as alnico and ferrites, which have a very strong tendency for the magnetization to be pointed along one axis of the crystal, the "easy axis".  During manufacture the materials are subjected to various metallurgical processes in a powerful magnetic field, which aligns the crystal grains so their "easy" axes of magnetization all point in the same direction.  Thus the magnetization, and the resulting magnetic field, is "built in" to the crystal structure of the material, making it very difficult to demagnetize.
As the temperature increases, thermal motion, or entropy, competes with the ferromagnetic tendency for dipoles to align. When the temperature rises beyond a certain point, called the Curie temperature, there is a second-order phase transition and the system can no longer maintain a spontaneous magnetization, so its ability to be magnetized or attracted to a magnet disappears, although it still responds paramagnetically to an external field. Below that temperature, there is a spontaneous symmetry breaking and magnetic moments become aligned with their neighbors. The Curie temperature itself is a critical point, where the magnetic susceptibility is theoretically infinite and, although there is no net magnetization, domain-like spin correlations fluctuate at all length scales.
The study of ferromagnetic phase transitions, especially via the simplified Ising spin model, had an important impact on the development of statistical physics. There, it was first clearly shown that mean field theory approaches failed to predict the correct behavior at the critical point (which was found to fall under a universality class that includes many other systems, such as liquid-gas transitions), and had to be replaced by renormalization group theory.
Sandeman, Karl (January 2008). "Ferromagnetic Materials". DoITPoMS. Dept. of Materials Sci. and Metallurgy, Univ. of Cambridge. Retrieved 2008-08-27. Detailed nonmathematical description of ferromagnetic materials with animated illustrations
Magnetism: Models and Mechanisms in E.  Pavarini, E. Koch, and U. Schollwöck: Emergent Phenomena in Correlated Matter, Jülich 2013, ISBN 978-3-89336-884-6
The northern mockingbird (Mimus polyglottos) is the only mockingbird commonly found in North America. This bird is mainly a permanent resident, but northern birds may move south during harsh weather. This species has rarely been observed in Europe.
This species was first described by Linnaeus in his Systema Naturæ in 1758 as Turdus polyglottos. The northern mockingbird is known for its mimicking ability, as reflected by the meaning of its scientific name, "many-tongued mimic". The northern mockingbird has gray to brown upper feathers and a paler belly. Its tail and wings have white patches which are visible in flight.The northern mockingbird is an omnivore. It eats both insects and fruits. It is often found in open areas and forest edges but forages in grassy land. The northern mockingbird breeds in southeastern Canada, the United States, northern Mexico, the Bahamas, the Cayman Islands and the Greater Antilles. It is replaced further south by its closest living relative, the tropical mockingbird. The Socorro mockingbird, an endangered species, is also closely related, contrary to previous opinion. The northern mockingbird is listed as of Least Concern according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
The northern mockingbird is known for its intelligence. A 2009 study showed that the bird was able to recognize individual humans, particularly noting those who had previously been intruders or threats. Also birds recognize their breeding spots and return to areas in which they had greatest success in previous years. Urban birds are more likely to demonstrate this behavior. Finally, the mockingbird is influential in United States culture, being the state bird of five states, appearing in book titles, songs and lullabies, and making other appearances in popular culture.
Swedish zoologist Carl Linnaeus first described this species in his Systema Naturae in 1758 as Turdus polyglottos. Its current genus name, Mimus is Latin for "mimic" and the specific polyglottos, is from Ancient Greek poluglottos, "harmonious", from polus, "many", and glossa, "tongue", representing its outstanding ability to mimic various sounds. The northern mockingbird is considered to be conspecific with the tropical mockingbird (Mimus gilvus).This species is categorized as the northern mockingbird as the closest living relative to M. gilvus.
There are three recognized subspecies for the northern mockingbird. There have been proposed races from the Bahamas and Haiti placed under the orpheus section.
M. p. polyglottos (Linnaeus, 1758): generally found in the eastern portion of North America ranging from Nova Scotia to Nebraska, to as far south as Texas and Florida.
M. p. leucopterus 'Western Mockingbird' (Vigors, 1839): generally found in the western portion of North America ranging from NW Nebraska and Western Texas to the Pacific Coast, and south to Mexico (the Isthmus of Tehuantepec), and Socorro Island. Larger than M. p. polyglottos and has a slightly shorter tail, upperparts are more buff and paler, underparts have a stronger buff pigment.
M. p. orpheus (Linnaeus, 1758) from the Bahamas to the Greater Antilles, also the Cayman and Virgin Islands. Similar to M. m. polyglottos except smaller, a paler shade of gray on its back, and underparts with practically little, if any buff at all.
The northern mockingbird is a medium-sized mimid that has long legs and tail. Males and females look alike. Its upper parts are colored gray, while its underparts have a white or whitish-gray color.
It has parallel wing bars on the half of the wings connected near the white patch giving it a distinctive appearance in flight. The black central rectrices and typical white lateral rectrices are also noticeable in flight. The iris is usually a light green-yellow or a yellow, but there have been instances of an orange color. The bill is black with a brownish black appearance at the base. The juvenile appearance is marked by its streaks on its back, distinguished spots and streaks on its chest, and a gray or grayish-green iris.Northern mockingbirds measure from 20.5 to 28 cm (8.1 to 11.0 in) including a tail almost as long as its body. The wingspan can range from 31–38 cm (12–15 in) and body mass is from 40–58 g (1.4–2.0 oz). Males tend to be slightly larger than females. Among standard measurements, the wing chord is 10 to 12 cm (3.9 to 4.7 in), the tail is 10 to 13.4 cm (3.9 to 5.3 in), the culmen is 1.6 to 1.9 cm (0.63 to 0.75 in) and the tarsus is 2.9 to 3.4 cm (1.1 to 1.3 in).The northern mockingbird's lifespan is observed to be up to 8 years, but captive birds can live up to 20 years.
The mockingbird's breeding range is from Maritime provinces of Canada westwards to British Columbia, practically the entire Continental United States south of the northern Plains states and Pacific northwest, and the majority of Mexico to eastern Oaxaca and Veracruz. The mockingbird is generally a year-round resident of its range, but the birds that live in the northern portion of its range have been noted further south during the winter season. Sightings of the mockingbird have also been recorded in Hawaii (where it was introduced in the 1920s), southeastern Alaska, and twice as transatlantic vagrants in Britain. The mockingbird is thought to be at least partly migratory in the northern portions of its range, but the migratory behavior is not well understood.In the nineteenth century, the range of the mockingbird expanded northward towards provinces such as Nova Scotia and Ontario and states such as Massachusetts, although the sightings were sporadic. Within the first five decades of the twentieth century, regions that received an influx of mockingbirds were Maine, Vermont, Ohio, Iowa, and New York. In western states such as California, the population was restricted to the lower Sonoran regions but by the 1970s the mockingbird was residential in most counties. Islands that saw introductions of the mockingbird include Bermuda (in which it failed), Barbados, St. Helena, Socorro Island, the Cayman Islands and Tahiti.The mockingbird's habitat varies by location, but it prefers open areas with sparse vegetation. In the eastern regions, suburban and urban areas such as parks and gardens are frequent residential areas. It has an affinity for mowed lawns with shrubs within proximity for shade and nesting. In western regions, desert scrub and chaparral are among its preferred habitats. When foraging for food, it prefers short grass. This bird does not nest in densely forested areas, and generally resides in the same habitats year round.
The northern mockingbird is an omnivore. The birds' diet consists of arthropods, earthworms, berries, fruits, seeds, and seldom, lizards. Mockingbirds can drink from puddles, river and lake edges, or dew and rain droplets that amass onto plants. Adult mockingbirds also have been seen drinking sap from the cuts on recently pruned trees. Its diet heavily consists of animal prey during the breeding season, but takes a drastic shift to fruits during the fall and winter. The drive for fruits amid winter has been noted for the geographic expansion of the mockingbird, and in particular, the fruit of Rosa multiflora, a favorite of the birds, is a possible link.  Mockingbirds also eat garden fruits such as tomatoes, apples, and berries.
These birds forage on the ground or in vegetation; they also fly down from a perch to capture food. While foraging, they frequently spread their wings in a peculiar two-step motion to display the white patches. There is disagreement among ornithologists over the purpose of this behavior, with hypotheses ranging from deceleration to intimidation of predators or prey.
Both the male and female of the species reach sexual maturity after one year of life. The breeding season occurs in the spring and early summer. The males arrive before the beginning of the season to establish their territories. The males use a series of courtship displays to attract the females to their sites. They run around the area either to showcase their territory to the females or to pursue the females. The males also engage in flight to showcase their wings. They sing and call as they perform all of these displays. The species can remain monogamous for many years, but incidents of polygyny and bigamy have been reported to occur during the bird's lifetime.Both the male and female are involved in the nest building. The male does most of the work, while the female perches on the shrub or tree where the nest is being built to watch for predators. The nest is built approximately three to ten feet above the ground. The outer part of the nest is composed of twigs, while the inner part is lined with grasses, dead leaves, moss, or artificial fibers. The eggs are a light blue or greenish color and speckled with dots. The female lays three to five eggs, and she incubates them for nearly two weeks. Once the eggs are hatched, both the male and female will feed the chicks.The birds aggressively defend their nests and surrounding areas against other birds and animals. When a predator is persistent, mockingbirds from neighboring territories may be summoned by distinct calls to join the defense. Other birds may gather to watch as the mockingbirds harass the intruder. In addition to harassing domestic cats and dogs that they consider a threat, mockingbirds will at times target humans. The birds are unafraid and will attack much larger birds, even hawks. One incident in Tulsa, Oklahoma involving a postal carrier resulted in the distribution of a warning letter to residents.The northern mockingbird pairs hatch about two to four broods a year. In one breeding attempt, the northern mockingbird lays an average of four eggs. They are pale blue or greenish white with red or brown blotches, and measure about 25 by 18 millimetres (0.98 by 0.71 in).They hatch after about 11 to 14 days of incubation by the female. After about 10 to 15 days of life, the offspring become independent.
Northern mockingbirds are famous for their song repertoires. Studies have shown that males sing songs at the beginning of breeding season to attract females. Unmated males sing songs in more directions and sing more bouts than mated males. In addition, unmated males perform more flight displays than mated males. The mockingbirds usually nest several times during one breeding season. Depending on the stage of breeding and the mating status, a male mockingbird will vary his song production. The unmated male keeps close track of this change. He sings in one direction when he perceives a chance to lure a female from the nest of the mated male. Unmated males are also more likely to use elevated perches to make their songs audible farther away. Though the mockingbirds are socially monogamous, mated males have been known to sing to attract additional mates.An observational study by Logan demonstrates that the female is continuously evaluating the quality of the male and his territory. The assessment is usually triggered by the arrival of a new male in a neighboring territory at the beginning of a new breeding season. In those cases, the mated female is constantly seen flying over both the original and the new male’s territory, evaluating the qualities of both territories and exchanging calls with both males. The social mate displays aggressive behaviors towards the female, while the new male shows less aggression and sings softer songs. At the same time, both the mated male and the new male will fly over other territories to attract other females as well. Divorce, mate switching and extra-pair matings do occur in northern mockingbirds.
Northern mockingbirds adjust the sex ratio of their offspring according to the food availability and population density. Male offspring usually require more parental investment. There is therefore a bias for bearing the costlier sex at the beginning of a breeding season when the food is abundant. Local resource competition predicts that the parents have to share the resources with offspring that remain at the natal site after maturation. In passerine birds, like the northern mockingbird, females are more likely to disperse than males. Hence, it is adaptive to produce more dispersive sex than philopatric sex when the population density is high and the competition for local resources is intense. Since northern mockingbirds are abundant in urban environments, it is possible that the pollution and contamination in cities might affect sexual hormones and therefore play a role in offspring sex ratio.
Northern mockingbirds are socially monogamous. The two sexes look alike except that the male is slightly larger in size than the female. Mutual mate choice is exhibited in northern mockingbirds. Both males and females prefer mates that are more aggressive towards intruders, and so exhibit greater parental investment. However, males are more defensive of their nests than females. In a population where male breeding adults outnumber female breeding adults, females have more freedom in choosing their mates. In these cases, these female breeders have the option of changing mates within a breeding season if the first male does not provide a high level of parental care, which includes feeding and nest defense. High nesting success is associated with highly aggressive males attacking intruders in the territory, and so these males are preferred by females.
Northern mockingbirds are altricial, meaning that, when hatched, they are born relatively immobile and defenseless and therefore require nourishment for a certain duration from their parents. The young have a survival bottleneck at the nestling stage because there are higher levels of nestling predation than egg predation. The levels of belligerence exhibited by parents therefore increase once eggs hatch but there is no increase during the egg stage.
A recent study shows that both food availability and temperature affect the parental incubation of the eggs in northern mockingbirds. Increasing food availability provides the females with more time to care for the nest and perform self-maintenance. Increasing temperature, however, reduces the time the females spend at the nest and there is increased energy cost to cool the eggs. The incubation behavior is a trade-off among various environmental factors.Mockingbird nests are also often parasitized by cowbirds. The parents are found to reject parasitic eggs at an intermediate rate. A recent study has shown that foreign eggs are more likely to be rejected from a nest later in the breeding season than from earlier in a breeding season. Early nesting hosts may not have learned the pattern and coloration of their first clutch yet, so are less likely to reject foreign eggs. There is also a seasonal threshold in terms of the overlap between the breeding seasons of the northern mockingbirds and their parasites. If the breeding season of the parasites starts later, there is less likelihood of parasitism. Hence, it pays the hosts to have relatively lower sensitivity to parasitic eggs.
A laboratory observation of 38 mockingbird nestlings and fledglings (thirty-five and three, respectively) recorded the behavioral development of young mockingbirds. Notable milestones included the eyes opening, soft vocalizations, begging, and preening began within the first six days of life. Variation in begging and more compact movements such as perching, fear crouching, and stretching appeared by the ninth day. Wing-flashing, bathing, flight, and leaving the nest happened within seventeen days (nest leaving occurred within 11 to 13 days). Improvements of flight, walking and self-feeding took place within forty days. Agonistic behavior increased during the juvenile stages, to the extent that one of two siblings living in the same area was likely killed by the other.
Although many species of bird imitate the vocalizations of other birds, the northern mockingbird is the best known in North America for doing so. Among the species and vocalizations imitated are Carolina wren, northern cardinal, tufted titmouse, eastern towhee, house sparrow, wood thrush and eastern bluebird songs, calls of the northern flicker and great crested flycatcher, jeers and pumphandles of the blue jay, and alarm, chups, and chirrs  of the American robin. It imitates not only birds, but also other animals such as cats, dogs, frogs, crickets and sounds from artificial items such as unoiled wheels and even car alarms. As convincing as these imitations may be to humans, they often fail to fool other birds, such as the Florida scrub-jay.The northern mockingbird's mimicry is likely to serve as a form of sexual selection through which competition between males and female choice influence a bird's song repertoire size. A 2013 study attempted to determine model selection in vocal mimics, and the data suggested that mimicry in the mockingbird resulted from the bird being genetically predisposed to learning vocalizations with acoustic characteristics such as an enlarged auditory template.Both male and female mockingbirds sing, with the latter being generally quieter and less vocal. Male commencement of singing is in late January to February and continues into the summer and the establishing of territory into the fall. Frequency in female singing is more sporadic, as it sings less often in the summer and fall, and only sings when the male is away from the territory. The mockingbird also possesses a large song repertoire that ranges from 43 to 203 song types and the size varies by region. Repertoire sizes ranged from 14 to 150 types in Texas, and two studies of mockingbirds in Florida rounded estimates to 134 and 200, approximately. It continually expands its repertoire during its life, though it pales in comparison to mimids such as the brown thrasher.There are four recognized calls for the mockingbird: the nest relief call, hew call, chat or chatburst, and the begging call. The hew call is mainly used by both sexes for potential nest predators, conspecific chasing, and various interactions between mates. The differences between chats and chatbursts are frequency of use, as chats are year-round, and chatbursts occur in the fall. Another difference is that chatbursts appear to be used in territorial defense in the fall, and the chats are used by either sex when disturbed. The nest relief and begging calls are only used by the males.
Adult mockingbirds can fall victim to birds of prey such as the great horned owl, screech owl and sharp-shinned hawk, though their tenacious behavior makes them less likely to be captured. Scrub-jays also have killed and eaten mockingbirds. Snakes rarely capture incubating females. Fledgelings have been prey to domestic cats, red-tailed hawks, and crows. Eggs and nestlings are consumed by blue jays, fish crows and American crows, red-tailed hawks, swallow-tailed kites, snakes, squirrels, and cats. Blowfly larvae and Haemoproteus have been found in Florida and Arizona populations, respectively.Winter storms limit the expansion of mockingbirds in their range. The storms have played a role in the declining of the populations in Ohio  (where it has since recovered), Michigan, Minnesota and likely in Quebec. Dry seasons also affect the mockingbird populations in Arizona.
In a paper published in 2009, researchers found that mockingbirds were able to recall an individual human who, earlier in the study, had approached and threatened the mockingbirds' nest. Researchers had one participant stand near a mockingbird nest and touch it, while others avoided the nest. Later, the mockingbirds recognized the intruder and exhibited defensive behavior, while ignoring the other individuals.
The northern mockingbird is a species that is found in both urban and rural habitats. There are now more northern mockingbirds living in urban habitats than non-urban environments, so they are consequently known as an urban-positive species. Biologists have long questioned how northern mockingbirds adapt to a novel environment in cities, and whether they fall into the typical ecological traps that are common for urban-dwelling birds. A comparative study between an urban dwelling population and a rural dwelling one shows that the apparent survival is higher for individuals in the urban habitats. Lower food availability and travel costs may account for the higher mortality rate in rural habitats. Urban birds are more likely to return to the nest where they had successfully bred the previous year and avoid those where breeding success was low. One explanation for this phenomenon is that urban environments are more predictable than non-urban ones, as the site fidelity among urban birds prevents them from falling into ecological traps. Mockingbirds are also able to utilize artificial lighting in order to feed nestlings in urban areas such as residential neighborhoods into the night, in contrast to those that do not nest near those areas. The adaptation of the mockingbird in urban habitats has led it to become more susceptible to lead poisoning in Baltimore and Washington, D.C. populations.
This bird features in the title and central metaphor of the novel To Kill a Mockingbird, by Harper Lee. In that novel, mockingbirds are portrayed as innocent and generous, and two of the major characters, Atticus Finch and Miss Maudie, say it is a sin to kill a mockingbird because "they don't do one thing for us but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us.""Hush, Little Baby" is a traditional lullaby, thought to have been written in the Southern United States, its key first lines, "Hush, little baby, don't say a word, Mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird. And if that mockingbird don't sing, Mama's gonna buy you a diamond ring."
The song of the northern mockingbird inspired many classic American folk songs of the mid-19th century, such as "Listen to the Mocking Bird".Mockin' Bird Hill is a popular song best known through recordings by Patti Page, Donna Fargo, and by Les Paul and Mary Ford in 1951.
Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States, had a pet mockingbird named "Dick".In the fictional Neighborhood of Make-Believe on Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, one of King Friday's "pets" is a wooden Northern mockingbird on a stick, which he refers to by the scientific name Mimus polyglottos.In the fictional world of the novel The Hunger Games, by Suzanne Collins, mockingjays are black and white birds created accidentally by the mating of engineered jabberjays with female mockingbirds, after rebels discovered and defeated the jabberjays' purpose. The mockingjay can perfectly copy the melody of human singing in a whistling tone. District 11 is known to have an especially large mockingjay population, and they are used there to signal the end of the work day.
The northern mockingbird is the state bird of Arkansas, Florida, Mississippi, Tennessee and Texas, and formerly the state bird of South Carolina.
Learn Bird Songs: Songs of the Northern Mockingbird from the Lang Elliott website Learnbirdsongs.com
 Beach, Chandler B., ed. (1914). "Mockingbird" . The New Student's Reference Work . Chicago: F. E. Compton and Co.
Dream of a Cossack (Russian: Кавалер Золотой Звезды, translit. Kavalier zolotoy zvezdy)  is a 1951 Soviet drama film directed by Yuli Raizman based on the novel The Golden Star Chavalier by Semyon Babayevsky. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
Sergei Tutarinov, a veteran of the Great Patriotic War, returns to his native village to take an active part in its restoration. His initiatives are strongly supported by the local Secretary of the Communist Party. Tutarinov becomes chairman of the party and begins to rebuild the whole town after the defeat of the Germans.
Neumünster Abbey (Luxembourgish: Abtei Neimënster, French: Abbaye de Neumünster) is a public meeting place and cultural centre, located in the Grund district of Luxembourg City in southern Luxembourg. 
After the original Benedictine abbey on the Altmünster Plateau had been destroyed in 1542, the monks built a new abbey or "Neumünster" in 1606 in the Grund. This in turn was destroyed by fire in 1684 but was rebuilt on the same site in 1688 and extended in 1720. After the French Revolution, it served as a police station and prison before becoming a barracks for the Prussians after Napoleon's defeat in 1815. From 1867, it once again became a state prison. Since 1997, it has been the home of the European Institute of Cultural Routes. During World War II, the Nazis used the abbey to imprison political resisters to their occupation of Luxembourg. Among the most notable of those political prisoners was Luxembourg's best-known sculptor Lucien Wercollier.
Following extensive renovation works, Neumünster was opened to the public in May 2004 as a meeting place and a cultural centre.  It hosts concerts, exhibitions, and seminars. The abbey is also now home to the Lucien Wercollier Cloister, where many works from the sculptor's private collection are permanently displayed.
History of the Abbey: Neumünster Abbey - an historic urban area, from the CCRN Abbaye de Neumünster website
The 1959 World Series featured the National League champion Los Angeles Dodgers beating the American League champion Chicago White Sox,  four games to two. Each of the three games played at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum drew record crowds, Game 5's attendance of 92,706 continues to be a World Series record to this day, and one which cannot feasibly be broken in any modern ballpark.
It was the first pennant for the White Sox in 40 years (since the 1919 Black Sox Scandal).  They would have to wait until their world championship season of 2005 to win another pennant.  The Dodgers won their first pennant since moving from Brooklyn in 1958 by defeating the Milwaukee Braves, two games to none, in a best-of-three-games pennant playoff.  It was the Dodgers' second World Series victory in five years, their first in Los Angeles, and marked the first championship for a West Coast team.
As Vin Scully remarked in his narration for the official World Series film, "What a change of scenery!"  This was the only Fall Classic played during the period from 1949 through 1964 in which no games were played in New York City, breaking the streak of the city that documentary filmmaker Ken Burns later called the era's "Capital of Baseball".
After finishing seventh in 1958, the Dodgers rebounded in 1959. The National League pennant race was a season-long three-way battle between the Dodgers, the two-time defending N.L. champion Milwaukee Braves and the San Francisco Giants. The Dodgers never led by more than two games (and that was at the end of a tie-breaker) and never trailed by more than five. On September 20, the Dodgers completed a three-game sweep in San Francisco so that, with five games to play, they had a ​ 1⁄2 game lead on the Braves and a one-game lead over the Giants.  Going into the final day, the Dodgers and Braves were tied for first and the Giants were ​1 1⁄2 games back; the Giants needed to sweep a doubleheader from the Cardinals and have the Dodgers and Braves both lose to force a three-way tie. But the Dodgers won in Chicago 7–1 and the Braves won at home against the Phillies 5–2; this made the fact that the Giants lost both games of their doubleheader irrelevant.
In Game 1 of the best-of-three playoff in Milwaukee, the Dodgers took a 3–2 lead in the top of the sixth inning. Dodger reliever Larry Sherry then retired 12 of the last 13 Braves hitters to secure the win.
Games 2 and 3 (if necessary) were scheduled for Los Angeles.  In Game 2, the Dodgers trailed 5-2 in the ninth inning, but rallied to tie the game with five singles and a sacrifice fly.  In the top of the 11th, the Braves loaded the bases with two out, but Stan Williams got pinch hitter Joe Adcock to ground out to end the threat. In the bottom of the 12th, Gil Hodges drew a walk with two out and nobody on. Joe Pignatano singled Hodges to second. Carl Furillo hit a ground ball to shortstop Félix Mantilla; Mantilla's throw to first base was in the dirt and skipped past Frank Torre, allowing Hodges to score all the way from second with the pennant-clinching run.
Managed by Al López, the White Sox were built on pitching, speed and defense. Nicknamed the "Go-go Sox", they were last in the A.L. in home runs but led the league in stolen bases, fielding percentage, and lowest team ERA. They battled the Cleveland Indians for the American League pennant, and after a close race, the White Sox built a ​6 1⁄2 game lead in early September. The Indians could get no closer than ​3 1⁄2 games, and when the White Sox beat Cleveland 4–2 on September 22, they clinched the pennant with three games to play. The White Sox were only the second team besides the Yankees to win the A.L. pennant between 1949 and 1964 inclusive; the other was the 1954 Indians, also managed by Al López.
Historic Comiskey Park hosted a crowd of 48,103 that included Hollywood's Joan Crawford and Orson Welles and 1956 presidential candidate Adlai Stevenson II in the first championship game in 40 years for the White Sox as well as the first postseason game in Chicago in 14 years. On the pitching mound, Early Wynn of the White Sox faced Roger Craig of the Dodgers. After scoring twice in the first inning on back-to-back RBI singles by Ted Kluszewski and Sherm Lollar after a walk and single, the Sox pounded across seven runs in the third. Nellie Fox doubled with one out and scored on Jim Landis's single before Kluszewski's two-run home run knocked Craig out of the game. Lollar reached second on an error off of Chuck Churn and scored on Billy Goodman's single. Then RBI doubles by Al Smith and Early Wynn and fielder's choice by Jim Rivera aided by two more errors made it 9–0 White Sox. Ted Kluszewski's second home run of the game off of Churn next inning capped the game's scoring as the Sox routed the Dodgers 11–0.
This would be the last World Series game the White Sox ever won at Comiskey Park, and their last home postseason win until 2005.
Game 2 featured Bob Shaw of the White Sox face Johnny Podres of the Dodgers. Once again, the Sox jumped out to a quick 2–0 lead in the first inning on Ted Kluszewski's RBI groundout with runners on first and third followed by Sherm Lollar's RBI single. In the fifth, Charlie Neal homered for the first Dodger run of the series. Chuck Essegian's two-out home run tied the game tied 2–2 in the seventh, then after a walk, Neal hit his second home run of the day to put the Dodgers ahead for the first time, 4–2. During a Sox uprising in the eighth against Larry Sherry, Al Smith doubled to left with two men on, cutting the lead to 4–3. However, Sherm Lollar was thrown out by a mile at the plate trying to score due to Wally Moon faking a catch that fooled Lollar. Sherry pitched a perfect ninth to notch a save and give the Dodgers the win.
In contrast to the crowd of 36,528 for the tie-breaker playoff game at the Los Angeles Coliseum, 92,394 showed up for the first World Series game ever played on the West Coast. Dick Donovan faced off against the host team's Don Drysdale in Game 3. Six scoreless innings were thrown by the two, with Donovan giving up only one hit. However, Donovan would load the bases in the seventh inning on two walks and a single before being replaced by Gerry Staley. A single by Carl Furillo scored two runs. Drysdale allowed two singles and Larry Sherry hit a batter to load the bases with no outs in the eighth, but gave up just a run on Al Smith's double play. The Dodgers got that run back in the bottom half when Maury Wills hit a leadoff single off of Gerry Staley and scored on Charlie Neal's double. Sherry shut down the Sox in the ninth as the Dodgers won, 3–1 despite being outhit 12–5. The White Sox stranded 11 runners and were 0 for 7 with them in scoring position.
Early Wynn and Roger Craig faced off against each other once again before a crowd of 92,650. Wynn was knocked out by a four-run Dodger third inning. Wally Moon singled with two outs and scored on Norm Larker's single. Larker, who moved to second on an error, scored on Gil Hodges's single. Hodges moved to third on a Don Demeter single and scored on a passed ball, then John Roseboro's RBI single capped the inning's scoring. The Sox tied the game in the seventh on Ted Kluszewski's RBI single with two on followed by Sherm Lollar socking a three-run home run, but Gil Hodges blasted one over the fence in the next inning off of Gerry Staley to give the Dodgers a 5–4 lead, then Larry Sherry pitched a scoreless ninth to put the Dodgers a win away from the World Series championship.
A record-breaking crowd of 92,706 turned out, a majority hoping to celebrate a Los Angeles championship. For the first time in World Series history, however, three pitchers combined for a shutout, as Bob Shaw, Billy Pierce and Dick Donovan quieted the Dodgers and their fans 1–0 in Game 5, sending the series back to Chicago. The game's only run scored in the fourth off starter Sandy Koufax, coming when Nellie Fox scored as Lollar grounded into a double play. To date, this remains the largest crowd in World Series history.
The victory in Game 5 gave the Sox hope, heading back home to a "real ballpark," as opposed to L.A.'s converted football stadium. But the change in scenery was no help. Early Wynn started with only two days rest, and after surrendering two runs in the third inning on Duke Snider's home run after a walk, the Dodgers broke open the game with six more in the fourth. Norm Larker hit a leadoff single, moved to second on a sacrifice bunt, and scored on Maury Wills's single. Wills scored on Johnny Podres's double to knock Wynn out of the game. Dick Donovan walked Jim Gilliam before allowing a two-run double to Charlie Neal and two-run home run to Wally Moon to make it 8–0 Dodgers. Starter Podres was also knocked out in the fourth by Chicago's last gasp, another towering three-run home run by the hottest Sox hitter, Ted Kluszewski, after a walk and hit-by-pitch. In the ninth inning, Chuck Essegian set a World Series record with his second pinch-hit home run of the Series off of Ray Moore, and the Dodgers captured their first championship as a Los Angeles team. Relief pitcher Larry Sherry (who earned the win in relief, finished with a 2-0 record on 2 saves and allowed 1 run in 12.2 innings) was voted Most Valuable Player of the Series.
The Dodgers found an unlikely hero when Chuck Essegian, who hit only one home run in 1959 and had only six in his career to that point, set a World Series record with two pinch-hit home runs.
Due to the best-of-three N.L. playoff, Game 1 was deferred from Wednesday, September 30, to Thursday, October 1. The normal travel days were retained between Games 2 and 3, and Games 5 and 6, resulting in the rare event of a Series with no Saturday game scheduled.
The only games in World Series history to exceed 90,000 in attendance: Game 5 drew 92,706 fans (a major league record unlikely to be broken under current arrangements, as no current MLB stadium has a capacity of even 60,000 – Dodger Stadium currently has the largest capacity in MLB with 56,000)This was the first World Series to draw more than 400,000 fans.
Larry Sherry of the Dodgers was the fifth consecutive pitcher to win the World Series Most Valuable Player Award (in only the fifth year it was awarded), following Johnny Podres (Brooklyn, 1955), Don Larsen (New York, 1956), Lew Burdette (Milwaukee, 1957), and Bob Turley (New York, 1958).  Sherry, who had been born with club feet, finished all four games the Dodgers won, winning two and saving two.  His brother Norm was the Dodgers' backup catcher.
Although he was not voted MVP, Dodger second baseman Charlie Neal batted .370 for the Series, and his two-homer performance in Game 2 came after Chicago's pitching had held L.A. scoreless for 13 consecutive innings.
Ted Kluszewski played for the losing "Pale Hose" but still managed to drive in a World Series record-tying ten runs, joining Yogi Berra, who drove in ten in the 1956 World Series. "Big Klu" did so in just six games, and his 10 RBIs in the 1959 World Series remain a record for a 6-game World Series, as Berra's 10 RBIs in 1956 came in a 7-game World Series. (However, Bobby Richardson would break the record for RBIs in a World Series, regardless of length, the next year with 12 against the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 1960 World Series.)The Dodgers became the second National League team to win a World Series after relocating (the 1957 Milwaukee Braves being the first).
The 1959 World Series was the last one for Comiskey Park, and the only one for Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. The White Sox would move into U.S. Cellular Field, originally "New Comiskey", in 1991; the Dodgers would move into Dodger Stadium in 1962. This was the most recent World Series to host the final World Series games of both its host venues, a "distinction" it lost to the 2003 World Series after the original Yankee Stadium (1923) closed following the 2008 Major League Baseball season and the Florida Marlins moved out of Sun Life Stadium after the 2011 season.
Cohen, Richard M.; Neft, David S. (1990). The World Series: Complete Play-By-Play of Every Game, 1903–1989. New York: St. Martin's Press. pp. 275–280. ISBN 0-312-03960-3.
Reichler, Joseph (1982). The Baseball Encyclopedia (5th ed.). Macmillan Publishing. p. 2167. ISBN 0-02-579010-2.
Naftali Wahba Bezem (Hebrew: נפתלי בזם‎; November 27, 1924,  - October 2, 2018) was an Israeli painter, muralist, and sculptor.
Naftali Bezem was born in Essen, Germany, in 1924.  His early adolescence was spent under Nazi oppression, in constant fear for the safety of his parents, who perished in Auschwitz concentration camp.  Naftali immigrated to Mandate Palestine in 1939, at the age of fourteen with a Youth Aliyah group.
From 1943 to 1946, he studied art at the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design in Jerusalem with Israeli painter Mordecai Ardon.  He then spent three years studying in Paris.
In addition to painting and sculpture, Bezem created murals, wall reliefs, tapestries, and stained glass windows.His most famous public works include a wall relief at Yad Vashem in Jerusalem and the ceiling mural in the main reception room at the President's Residence, Jerusalem.
Ted W. Gross, Ben-Dov and I. Mintzer, The Passover Haggadah Illustrated by Naftali Bezem, Tel Aviv, 1982.
Bentley Little (born 1960 in Arizona) is an American author of horror fiction. Publishing an average of a novel a year since 1990, Little avoids publicity and rarely does promotional work or interviews for his writing.
Little is an Arizona native who, according to his professional biography, was born one month after his mother saw the world premiere of Alfred Hitchcock's film Psycho. He studied at California State University Fullerton, from which he earned a BA in Communications and an MA in Comparative Literature. His thesis for the latter was his first novel, The Revelation, which was later published and won a Bram Stoker Award.
Little's novels tend to have simplistic titles (many use the construction "The [noun]", like The Mailman and The House) and fall squarely into the horror genre. He dislikes his work being categorized as "suspense" or "supernatural thriller", preferring the more straightforward genre label. His work has been championed by Stephen King, leading to increased recognition.
In 2007 Little's short story "The Washingtonians" was adapted for the TV show Masters of Horror, becoming the twelfth episode of its second season. Directed by Peter Medak, it significantly lightened the tone of the author's original work, aiming for camp over the short story's dark humour. It was negatively received by critics.
That same year The Hollywood Reporter announced that a film adaptation of the novel The Store was in development at Strike Entertainment, with a script by Jenna McGrath, production duties handled by Marc Abraham and Eric Newman, and executive production by Vince Gerardis, Eli Kirschner, and Tom Bliss. As of 2017 the project has not yet come to fruition.
Radium is a small rural unincorporated community in southwestern Grand County, Colorado, United States. The community sits in the mountains along an isolated stretch of Colorado River downstream from Gore Canyon and southwest of Kremmling. The mainline of the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad (now the Union Pacific Railroad) runs past the community, which is accessible by dirt and gravel roads only. The community of Radium consists of a cluster of houses on the north side of a bridge on the Colorado. The primary local industry is livestock ranching. The community is named for the element radium, which was formerly mined in Colorado in the early 20th century. .
The Radium Recreation Site, part of the Upper Colorado River Special Recreation Management Area managed by the Bureau of Land Management, is on the south bank of the Colorado River across from the community. Radium Hot Springs is located on the river bank, a few miles south of Radium, and about 15 miles from Kremmling.
The 8th Mountain Infantry Brigade (Spanish: Brigada de Montaña 8/VIII) is a unit of the Argentine Army specialised in mountain warfare. The headquarters of the Brigade is based on Mendoza, Mendoza Province. Is formed by different types of mountain units:
22nd Mountain Infantry Regiment "Teniente Coronel Juan Manuel Cabot", based at El Marquesado, San Juan Province.
15th Light Cavalry Regiment "Libertador Simón Bolívar", based at Campo de los Andes, Mendoza Province.
Persona is a 1966 Swedish psychological drama film, written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Bibi Andersson and Liv Ullmann. The story revolves around a young nurse named Alma (Andersson) and her patient, well-known stage actress Elisabet Vogler (Ullmann), who has suddenly stopped speaking. They move to a cottage, where Alma cares for Elisabet, confides in her and begins having trouble distinguishing herself from her patient.
With elements of psychological horror, Persona has been the subject of considerable analysis, interpretation and debate. The film, with its themes of duality, insanity and personal identity, has been interpreted as depicting the Jungian theory of persona and explores cinema, vampire mythology, lesbianism, motherhood, abortion and other subjects. The experimental style of its prologue and storytelling has also been noted. The enigmatic film has been called the Mount Everest of cinematic analysis; according to film historian Peter Cowie, "Everything one says about Persona may be contradicted; the opposite will also be true".Bergman wrote Persona with Ullmann and Andersson in mind for the lead roles and the idea of exploring their identities, and shot the film in Stockholm and Fårö in 1965. In production, the filmmakers experimented with effects, using smoke and a mirror to frame one scene and combining the lead characters' faces in post-production for one shot. Andersson defended a sexually explicit monologue in the screenplay, and rewrote portions of it.
When first released, Persona was edited because of its controversial subject matter. It received positive reviews, with Swedish media coining the word Person(a)kult to describe its enthusiastic admirers. It won Best Film at the 4th Guldbagge Awards, and was Sweden's entry for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The censored content was reinstated in English-language restorations in 2001. Many critics consider Persona one of the greatest films ever made, and it was ranked the fifth-best in Sight & Sound's 1972 poll and 17th in 2012. It also influenced many later directors, including Robert Altman and David Lynch.
A projector begins screening a series of images, including a crucifixion, a spider and the killing of a lamb, and a boy wakes up in a hospital or morgue. He sees a large screen with a blurry image of two women. One of the women may be Alma, a young nurse assigned by a doctor to care for Elisabet Vogler. Elisabet is a stage actress who has suddenly stopped speaking and moving, which the doctors have determined is the result of willpower rather than physical or mental illness. In the hospital, Elisabet is distressed by television images of a man's self-immolation during the Vietnam War. Alma reads her a letter from her husband that contains a photo of their son, and the actress tears the photograph up. The doctor speculates that Elisabet may recover better in a cottage by the sea, and sends her there with Alma.
At the cottage, Alma tells Elisabet that no one has ever really listened to her before. She talks about her fiancé, Karl-Henrik, and her first affair. One night Alma tells a story of how, while she was already in a relationship with Karl-Henrik, she sunbathed in the nude with Katarina, a woman she had just met. Two young boys appeared, and Katarina initiated an orgy. Alma became pregnant, had an abortion and continues to feel guilty.
Alma drives to town to mail their letters, and notices that Elisabet's is not sealed. She reads it. The letter says that Elisabet is "studying" Alma and mentions the nurse's orgy and abortion. Furious, Alma accuses Elisabet of using her for some purpose. In the resulting fight, she threatens to scald Elisabet with boiling water and stops when Elisabet begs her not to. This is the first time Alma is certain the actress has spoken since they met, though she thought Elisabet previously whispered to her when Alma was half-asleep. Alma tells her that she knows she is a terrible person; when Elisabet runs off, Alma chases her and begs for forgiveness. Later, Elisabet looks at the Stroop Report photograph of Jews arrested in the Warsaw Ghetto.
One night, Alma hears a man outside calling for Elisabet; it is Elisabet's husband. He calls Alma "Elisabet" and, though the nurse tells him he is mistaken, they have sex. Alma meets with Elisabet to talk about why Elisabet tore up the photo of her son. Alma tells much of Elisabet's story: that she wanted the only thing she did not have, motherhood, and became pregnant. Regretting her decision, Elisabet attempted a failed self-induced abortion and gave birth to a boy whom she despises, but her son craves her love. Alma ends the story in distress, asserting her identity and denying that she is Elisabet. She later coaxes Elisabet to say the word "nothing", and leaves the cottage as a crew films her.
According to Bergman, the story had its roots in a chance encounter with past collaborator Bibi Andersson in a Stockholm street. Andersson, who was with Liv Ullmann, introduced Ullmann to him. Ullmann placed the meeting in 1964, and said that Bergman recognized her and asked her on the spot if she would like to work with him. He said that an image of the two women formed in his mind; in the hospital, he found an "uncanny resemblance" between the actresses in photographs of them sunbathing. This inspired the beginning of his story, a vision of two women "wearing big hats and laying their hands alongside each other". Andersson said, "Liv and I had worked together before and we were very close". Bergman had been in a romantic relationship with Andersson and was attracted to Ullmann; of Persona's conception, Andersson said, "He saw our friendship, and he wanted to get ... inside of it. Involved".Bergman wrote Persona in nine weeks while recovering from pneumonia, and much of his work was done in the Sophiahemmet hospital. With this project, he abandoned his practice of writing finished and comprehensive screenplays before photography, allowing the script to develop as production proceeded. In the screenplay, the story ends with the doctor announcing that Elisabet has resumed speaking, reunited with her family and resumed acting. Alma remains on the island and plans to write Elisabet a letter until she sees the Holocaust photo and abandons her plan. Later in the production, this was replaced by the blood-drinking scene, Elisabet being taught to say the word "nothing" and Alma leaving the island.Bergman appealed to filmmaker Kenne Fant for funding for the project. Supportive, Fant asked about the film's concept and Bergman shared his vision of women comparing hands. Fant assumed that the film would be inexpensive, and agreed to fund it. In his book Images, Bergman wrote, "Today I feel that in Persona — and later in Cries and Whispers — I had gone as far as I could go. And that in these two instances when working in total freedom, I touched wordless secrets that only the cinema can discover." He also said, "At some time or other, I said that Persona saved my life—that is no exaggeration. If I had not found the strength to make that film, I would probably have been all washed up. One significant point: for the first time I did not care in the least whether the result would be a commercial success ..." Although the filmmakers considered the titles Sonat för två kvinnor (Sonata for Two Women), Ett stycke kinematografi (A Piece of Cinematography), Opus 27, and Kinematografi, Fant suggested something more accessible and the film's title was changed.
Bergman had planned to cast Andersson and Ullmann in The Cannibals, a large project he abandoned after becoming ill, but he still hoped to pair them in a project. Ullmann said that she began to be cast in Bergman's films beginning with the mute character, Elisabet: "It was because my face could say what he wanted to say. That made me the one he wanted to work with ... because it was my face and I also understood what he was writing". Steve Vineberg wrote that, with the conception of the project with Andersson and Ullmann, Bergman parted with his past uses of ensemble casts in films such as Smiles of a Summer Night and focused on two leads. Vineberg called the roles of Margaretha Krook and Gunnar Björnstrand "abbreviated guest appearances".Bergman cast Jörgen Lindström as Elisabet's son after using him in his 1963 film The Silence. Lindström (born 1951) was a child actor, and played children in other films. Bergman was the uncredited narrator.
Principal photography took place on the island of Fårö (including Langhammars, with its rauks in the background, and Bergman's property at Hammars) and at Råsunda Studios in Stockholm. Shooting began on 19 July 1965 and wrapped by 15 September. Ullmann described the initial Stockholm shoot as marred by awkward performances and unprepared direction; the crew opted to retreat to Fårö, where Bergman found a house to shoot in. Fårö's weather was ideal during shooting; the crew redid much of the footage filmed in Stockholm, recreating the summer house on the Stockholm set and using a Fårö museum as the hospital.Andersson said that she and Ullmann agreed to play their parts as different sides of the same personality, and they assumed that personality was Bergman's. The actress said that they tried to balance each other in their performances. Bergman told his actresses not to ask him what each scene meant; Ullmann believed that cinematographer Sven Nykvist was also not informed of the director's intentions and left to work intuitively.Although the scene where Alma describes her orgy was in the screenplay, Andersson said in 1977 that Bergman had been advised to remove it from the film. She insisted that it be shot, volunteering to alter dialogue she felt was too obviously written by a man. The scene took two hours to shoot, using close-ups of Ullmann and Andersson in single takes. Andersson later said that while she thought some of her performances in films such as Wild Strawberries were "corny", she was proud of her work in Persona. Ullmann described her response shots as an unprepared, natural reaction to the story's erotic nature.For the scene in which Andersson and Ullmann meet in the bedroom at night and their faces overlap, a large amount of smoke was used in the studio to make a blurrier shot. Bergman used a mirror to compose the shots.
The screenplay called for a "close-up of Alma with a strange resemblance to Elisabet". On Fårö, Bergman conceived a shot where Ullmann and Andersson's faces merge into one. This was done by lighting what Bergman considered the unflattering side of each actress's face in different shots and combining the lighted sides. The actresses were unaware of the effect until a screening in the Moviola. Neither actress recognized herself in the resulting imagery, each assuming that the shot was of the other.According to Ullmann, the scene where Alma describes Elisabet's motherhood was filmed with two cameras, one filming each actress, and shots of each were intended to be mixed in editing. Then Bergman decided that each angle communicated something important and used both in their entirety, one after the other.Bergman was unhappy with the sound in the scene where Alma describes the orgy, so he told Andersson to reread the scene, which she did in a lower voice. It was recorded and dubbed in.The score, by Lars Johan Werle, uses four cellos, three violins and other instruments. Werle described his effort to meet Bergman's requests without a description of the scenes Werle would score:
Then he came with vague hints about how the films would look, but I understood him anyway and he gave me some keywords ... I was a little surprised to be part of an artistic work that I had so little time to digest ... One wonders how it is even possible that one could only see the movie once or twice and then compose the music.
In addition to Werle's score, the filmmakers sampled Johann Sebastian Bach's Violin Concerto in E major.
Persona has been subject to a variety of interpretations. According to Professor Thomas Elsaesser, the film "has been for film critics and scholars what climbing Everest is for mountaineers: the ultimate professional challenge. Besides Citizen Kane, it is probably the most written-about film in the canon". Critic Peter Cowie wrote, "Everything one says about Persona may be contradicted; the opposite will also be true". Academic Frank Gado called Cowie's assessment "patent nonsense", but agreed there was "critical disarray"; editor Lloyd Michaels said that although Cowie exaggerated somewhat, he welcomed the "critical licence" to study the film.Film scholar Marc Gervais has suggested several possible interpretations: "a metaphor of the subconscious or unconscious", "one personality consuming the other", "the fusing of two personalities into one", or "the different sides of the same personality fleetingly merging". Gado suggested that Persona was "an investigation of schizophrenia, a story about lesbian attraction, or a parable about the artist".Bergman said that although he had an idea of what the story meant, he would not share it because he felt that his audience should draw its own conclusions. He hoped the film would be felt rather than understood.Michaels summarized what he calls "the most widely held view" of Persona: that it is "a kind of modernist horror movie". Elisabet's condition, described by a doctor as "the hopeless dream to be", is "the shared condition of both life and film art".The "silence of God" is a theme Bergman explored extensively in his previous work. According to author Paul Coates, Persona was the "aftermath" of that exploration. Gervais added that Persona and other Bergman films between 1965 and 1970 were not "God-centred". Gervais also quoted philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche as a guide to understanding Persona: "Belief in the absolute immorality of Nature, in lack of purpose, and in meaninglessness, is the affect psychologically necessary once belief in God and an essentially moral order is no longer supportable".
Analysis has focused on the characters' resemblance, demonstrated in shots of overlapping faces in which one face is visible and part of another is seen behind it, suggesting the possibility that the characters are one, and their duality. Critic John Simon commented, "This duality can be embodied in two persons, as it is here, but it has a distinct relevance to the contradictory aspects of a single person". If they are one person, the questions exist of whether Alma is fantasizing about the actress she admires, Elisabet is examining her psyche, or the boy is trying to understand his mother. Susan Sontag suggested that Persona is a series of variations on the theme of "doubling". According to Sontag, the film's subject is "violence of the spirit". Professor Irving Singer, examining the shot in which Alma and Elisabet's faces are combined, compared its repulsive effect to that of seeing Robert Louis Stevenson's character Mr. Hyde instead of his benign alter ego, Dr. Jekyll. Singer wrote that Bergman expanded on Stevenson's exploration of duality, the "good and evil, light and dark aspects of our nature", depicting it as "oneness" in the shot.Gado saw Persona as a "double-threaded process of discovery involving motherhood". Elisabet's withdrawal into silence could be her rejection of motherhood, the only role the actress could not slough off. The nurse realizes that she has done what Elisabet tried and failed to do: erase a child from her life by abortion. Psychiatrist Barbara Young viewed the boy in the morgue in the film's prologue as a stand-in for Bergman, in a morgue he remembered, reaching out to his mother. Young compared Bergman's relationship with his mother, Karin, to Alma ("hungry for someone to listen to her and to love her") and Elisabet ("ravenous for precious time").About the theme of duality, author Birgitta Steene wrote that Alma represents the soul and Elisabet a "stern" goddess. Theologian Hans Nystedt called Elisabet a symbol of God, and Alma symbolic of mortal consciousness. Coates noted the "female face" or "near-Goddess" succeeding the God previously studied by Bergman, referring to Jungian theories to examine the themes of duality and identity; two different people, with a "grounding in one self", trade identities. Coates described Elisabet as a fusion of the mythological figures Thanatos and Eros, with Alma as her "hapless counterpart", and a close-up suggesting death.
Persona's title reflects the Latin word for "mask" and Carl Jung's theory of persona, an external identity separate from the soul ("alma"). Jung believed that people project public images to protect themselves, and can come to identify with their personae. An interviewer asked Bergman about the Jungian connotations of the film's title, acknowledging an alternative interpretation that it references persona masks worn by actors in ancient drama, but saying that Jung's concept "admirably" matched the film. Bergman agreed, saying that Jung's theory "fits well in this case". Coates also connected masks to themes of identity and duality: "The mask is Janus-faced".Alma's secret is revealed in her orgy monologue, and critic Robin Wood related it to a combination of shame and nostalgia perhaps indicating the character's sexual liberation. According to Wood, the incident touched on unfaithfulness and juvenile sexuality; in Swedish, the young boys are called "pojkar" and are in need of coaching. Arnold Weinstein wrote that Alma's story is the hardest-hitting example of the "cracks" in the character's mask, belying her persona of a nurse and leading to a "collapse of self". Her monologue is so intense that it verges on pornography, although there is no depiction of the sexual escapade.Cinema historian P. Adams Sitney summarized the story as following the course of psychoanalysis: a referral, followed by the first interview, disclosures and the discovery of the patient's root problem. According to Sitney, the story seems to begin from Alma's point of view; after Elisabet compares their hands, her point of view is revealed as the source of the story.Another possible reference to psychology is that when Elisabet falls mute, the play she is in is Electra by Sophocles or Euripides. According to Wood, Bergman did not focus on Greek tragedy in his work but the character of Electra inspired the idea of the Electra complex. Sitney felt that Bergman's choice of play related to "sexual identities", a key concept in psychoanalysis.
The story fits Bergman's motif of "warring women", seen earlier in The Silence and later in Cries and Whispers and Autumn Sonata. According to Professor Marilyn Johns Blackwell, Elisabet's resistance to speaking can be interpreted as resistance to her gender role. By depicting this tension as experienced primarily by women, Bergman may be said to "problematize the position of woman as other"; the role society assigns women is "essentially foreign to their subjecthood". Blackwell wrote that the attraction between Elisabet and Alma and the absence of male sexuality cohere with their identification with each other, creating a doubling that reveals the "multiple, shifting, self-contradictory identity" (a notion of identity that undermines male ideology). The theme of merging and doubling surfaces early in the film, when Alma says that she saw one of Elisabet's films and was struck by the thought that they were alike. Blackwell also writes that one of the film's original titles, A Piece of Cinematography, may allude to the nature of representation.Analysts have noted possible lesbian under- and overtones. Alison Darren profiled Persona in her Lesbian Film Guide, calling Alma and Elisabet's relationship "halfway between love and hate"; they may come close to having sex in one scene, "though this might easily be an illusion". Scholar Gwendolyn Audrey Foster interpreted the film in feminist terms as a depiction of lesbianism, viewing the scene where Elisabet enters Alma's room as seduction. Professor Alexis Luko also felt that the characters' touching and resemblance in the scene, in addition to symbolizing their personalities merging, indicated intimacy and eroticism.Foster believed that Elisabet's gaze presents Alma with questions about her engagement to Karl-Henrik. According to Foster, sexual encounters between men and women are associated with abortion; lesbian romance has an increasingly shared identity. But if Persona dramatizes a lesbian relationship, it is not clearly favorable, as it is later characterized by narcissism and violence. If lesbianism is considered a stronger version of female friendship, or motherly love, Alma and Elisabet's relationship replaces the depiction of the Oedipus complex in the prologue when the boy reaches for his mother in vain. According to Jeremi Szaniawski, Bergman's use of homoeroticism (gay and lesbian) in Persona, Hour of the Wolf, Cries and Whispers and Face to Face was a rebellion against his strict upbringing by Church of Sweden minister Erik Bergman.
Persona is the Latin word for "mask" and referred to a mouthpiece actors wore to increase the audibility of their lines. In Greek drama, persona came to mean a character, separate from an actor. Bergman often used the theatre as a setting in his films.Elisabet is a stage actress and, according to Singer, is seen in "mask-like makeup" suggesting a  "theatrical persona". Singer wrote that Elisabet wears "thick and artificial eyelashes" even when she is not acting. Scholar Egil Törnqvist noted that when Elisabet is onstage as Electra, she looks away from the theatre audience and breaks the fourth wall by looking at the camera. According to Törnqvist, Elisabet makes a fist, symbolizing her revolt against the notion of meaningful performance. Singer concluded that although Elisabet develops a very personal relationship with Alma, she cannot shed her persona as an actress and will remain lonely with "the hopeless dream of being".
According to Singer, Bergman confronts his viewers with "the nature of his art form". Literary critic Maria Bergom-Larsson wrote that Persona reflected Bergman's approach to filmmaking. Although Alma initially believes that artists "created out of compassion, out of a need to help", she sees Elisabet laugh at performances on a radio program and finds herself the subject of the actress's study. She rejects her earlier belief: "How stupid of me". As Elisabet studies Alma, Bergman studies them both.Michaels wrote that Bergman and Elisabet share a dilemma: they cannot respond authentically to "large catastrophes", such as the Holocaust or the Vietnam War. Political columnist Carsten Jensen identified the Vietnam footage Elisabet sees as the 1963 self-immolation of Thích Quảng Đức. According to Jensen, photographs of Quảng Đức's death were widely circulated and were used in Persona. Academic Benton Meadows wrote that Elisabet sees herself in Quảng Đức's death, fearing that it would be a consequence of her silent rebellion. Törnqvist wrote that Elisabet is struck by the truth that the monk is a true rebel, while her rebellion is a cowardly retreat behind a persona of muteness.
Persona also includes symbolism about vampirism. In 1973, Dagens Nyheter critic Lars-Olaf Franzen interpreted Alma as a stand-in for the audience and Elisabet as an "irresponsible artist and vampire". According to the British Film Institute, Elisabet "vampiristically" devours Alma's personality; the actress is also seen drinking blood from Alma. Gervais wrote that Persona is "an impressionistic vampire film". Törnqvist called the vampire portrayal "Strindbergian", connecting it to the spider seen in the prologue and the "fat spider" mentioned in the screenplay (but omitted from the final cut).Although psychologist Daniel Shaw interpreted Elisabet as a vampire and Alma as her "sacrificial lamb", Bergman replied when asked if Alma was entirely consumed:
No, she has just provided some blood and meat, and some good steak. Then she can go on. You must know, Elizabeth is intelligent, she's sensible, she has emotions, she is immoral, she is a gifted woman, but she's a monster, because she has an emptiness in her.
Persona has been called an experimental film. Singer acknowledged Marc Gervais's theory that its style is a postmodern rejection of "realistic narration", although he said this was of secondary importance to its commentary on cinema. The Independent journalist Christopher Hooton said that symmetry was used and the fourth wall sometimes broken, quoting essayist Steven Benedict on the use of "reflections, splitting the screen, and shadows". The fourth wall seems to break when Alma and Elisabet look into the camera and when Elisabet takes photographs in the direction of the camera.
The BFI called Persona "stylistically radical", noting its use of close-ups. Senses of Cinema journalist Hamish Ford also noted its "radical aesthetics", citing a "genuinely avant-garde prologue". Critic Geoff Pevere called the prologue "one of the most audacious reset clicks in movie history". He summarized the blankness before a projector runs, leading to clips of classic animation, a comedic silent film, crucifixion and a penis, concluding that it summarized cinema. The montage's imagery is "rapid-fire", with Bergman saying the penis is onscreen for one-sixth of a second and intended to be "subliminal". The sheep is from Luis Buñuel's 1929 Un Chien Andalou, and the personification of Death was used in Bergman's 1949 film Prison. Michaels linked the spider in the prologue with the "spider-god" in Bergman's 1961 Through a Glass Darkly. Törnqvist said that the spider is visible under a microscope, indicating its use for study. When the boy reaches out to his mother, it is to shifting photographs of Ullmann and Andersson. In addition to the prologue, the story is interrupted by a midpoint celluloid break.Scenes creating a "strange" or "eerie" effect include Elisabet entering Alma's room, where it is uncertain if she is sleepwalking or Alma is having a dream, and Mr. Vogler having sex with Alma; it is uncertain if he mistook her for Elisabet. Other scenes are "dreamlike—sometimes nightmarish". The story's small scale is supplemented with references to external horrors, such as images of self-immolation—included in the opening sequence and the hospital scene—and the Holocaust photograph, the subject of increasing close-ups.Biographer Jerry Vermilye wrote that despite experimenting with colour in 1964's All These Women, Persona represented Bergman and Nykvist's return to the "stark black-and-white austerity of earlier chamber pieces". They include Through a Glass Darkly, Winter Light and The Silence, with Vermilye calling Persona a sequel to the "trilogy". Bergman returned to Through a Glass Darkly's Fårö for its backdrop, which he used symbolically. According to Professor John Orr, an island setting offered "boldness and fluidity" that brought different dynamics to the drama. Orr wrote that the "island romanticism" was a transition from Bergman's earlier films into "dream and abstraction". Examining the visuals and the depiction of social isolation and mourning, critics Christopher Heathcote and Jai Marshall found parallels to Edvard Munch's paintings.According to Vineberg, Ullmann and Andersson's acting styles are dictated by the fact that Andersson does nearly all the talking. She delivers monologues, and Ullmann is a "naturalistic mime". A notable exception is when Elisabet is coaxed into saying the word "nothing", which Vineberg called ironic. Elisabet speaks only 14 words; Bergman said, "The human face is the great subject of the cinema. Everything is there". Vineberg wrote that the performances use the "mirror exercise", in which the actresses look directly at each other; one makes facial movements which the other tries to imitate. Ford wrote that Ullmann's performance is defined by "twitching lips, ambivalent gazes and vampyric desire".
Music and other sounds also define Bergman's style. This includes the prologue, with a "discordant" score accompanied by dripping and a ringing telephone. In the scene where Elisabet meets Alma in her bedroom, foghorns accompany Werle's music. Musicologist Alexis Luko described the score as conveying "semantic meaning" with diabolus in musica ("the devil in music"), a common style in horror cinema. The addition of a foghorn indicates a meeting of "diegetic and non-diegetic", complementing the breaking of the fourth wall when Alma and Elisabet look at the audience. The music Elisabet hears in the hospital, Bach's Violin Concerto in E major, is meant to be "nice and soothing" and divert Elisabet from her mental torment. It fails to comfort; Wood calls it one of Bach's "most somber and tragic utterances", and the scene's lighting darkens accordingly. According to Luko, Elisabet's lack of sound (muteness) makes her fit "the cinematic profile of a powerful, pseudo-omniscient mute".
Persona was released on 31 August 1966, and its promotional premiere took place on 18 October 1966 at the Spegeln cinema in Stockholm. Its screenplay was published as a book in Sweden that year. The film's box-office losses qualified it for subsidies from the Swedish Film Institute. Combined with the institute's earlier production grant, the project received 1,020,000 kr from the SFI.It opened in the U.S. on 6 March 1967, where it grossed $250,000. Distributed by United Artists, it debuted at the New York Film Festival with UA marketing highlighting the leads' similar appearance. The marketing quoted critics, particularly about Alma's erotic monologue. Persona finished its New York run after one month, which was considered disappointing. In Brazil, it was released as Quando as mulheres pecam (Where Women Sin) to emphasize its sexuality. Persona was released in the United Kingdom in 1967, using subtitles when many foreign-language films were still dubbed.Two scenes censored from the U.S. and U.K. versions of the film were a brief shot at the beginning of an erect penis and some of the translation of Alma's nighttime monologue about her ménage à quatre, oral sex and abortion. MGM archivist John Kirk restored the censored material, based on four translations, and translated 30 to 40 percent more of Alma's dialogue in the censored scene. Kirk's version was screened at the Film Forum in New York City and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art in 2001. Much of the censored material was included in Region 1 in the MGM DVD released in 2004, and on The Criterion Collection's 2014 Blu-ray 2K restoration.The 1999 Toronto International Film Festival featured a screening of Persona as part of "Dialogues: Talking with Pictures", with classic films and a talk by Canadian filmmaker Patricia Rozema. In February 2002, it screened in the Retrospective section of the 52nd Berlin International Film Festival.
The film was released to favorable reviews in the Swedish and U.S. press. In Sweden, Dagens Nyheter critic Olaf Lagercrantz said that a cult following of Swedish critics had developed by October 1966 and coined the name Person(a)kult for them. In Svenska Dagbladet, Stig Wikander called it "a gnostic quest for divine nothingness". In 1966, theologian Hans Nystedt compared the film to the writings of Hjalmar Sundén.The Swedish Film Institute magazine Chaplin reported that the Person(a)kult had spread beyond Sweden by 1967. In one of his first reviews, Roger Ebert gave the film four stars; he called it "a difficult, frustrating film", and said that it (and Elisabet) "stubbornly refuse to be conventional and to respond as we expect". Bosley Crowther, writing for The New York Times, called Persona a "lovely, moody film which, for all its intense emotionalism, makes some tough intellectual demands". Crowther wrote that its "interpretation is tough", and "Miss Ullmann and Miss Andersson just about carry the film—and exquisitely, too". According to the Variety staff, "There is no denying the absorbing theme and the perfection in direction, acting, editing and lensing"; they called Andersson's performance a "tour de force", concluding: "Bergman has come up with probably one of his most masterful films technically and in conception, but also one of his most difficult ones". Time magazine's review said that the film "fuses two of Bergman's familiar obsessions: personal loneliness and the particular anguish of contemporary woman". In the 1972 British Film Institute Sight & Sound poll, Persona was ranked the fifth-greatest film of all time, the highest placing of a Swedish film.Essayists and critics have called Persona one of the 20th century's major artistic works, and Bergman's masterpiece. The Independent critic Geoffrey Macnab noted that a number of other critics considered it among the greatest films of all time. Empire's David Parkinson gave the film five stars in 2000, noting its variety of interpretations and attributing them to Bergman's distortion of the border between real life and fantasy and calling it a "devastating treatise on mortal and intellectual impotence". Ebert added it to his Great Movies list in 2001, calling it "a film we return to over the years, for the beauty of its images and because we hope to understand its mysteries". Peter Bradshaw gave it four of five stars in his 2003 The Guardian review, calling it "a startling, even gripping essay". For The Chicago Tribune, Michael Wilmington awarded it four stars in 2006 and praised it as "one of the screen's supreme works and perhaps Ingmar Bergman's finest film". In 2007, Aftonbladet called its prologue one of the most memorable moments of Bergman's filmography. The New Yorker's Pauline Kael said the end result was a "pity", but the scene where Alma describes her orgy is "one of the rare truly erotic sequences in movie history".
Reviewing Persona's home video, Richard Brody credited Bergman for a work that shed realism with special effects and conveyed "a tactile visual intimacy", and praised the film's island setting. Leonard Maltin gave the film ​3 1⁄2 stars in his 2013 Movie Guide, calling it "haunting, poetic, for discerning viewers". According to Time Out's review, Elisabet can (despite her fraud) be understood: "not an easy film, but an infinitely rewarding one". Chicago Reader critic Dave Kehr wrote that it might be Bergman's best, but objected to its unoriginal ideas (for an experimental film) and tediousness. Emanuel Levy reviewed Persona in 2016, calling it a complicated, mysterious and artistic psychological drama with experimentation presenting a novel result.The film was included in The New York Times Guide to the Best 1,000 Movies Ever Made. In 2010, Persona was ranked 71st in Empire magazine's "100 Best Films Of World Cinema". In the 2012 Sight & Sound polls, it was ranked the 17th-greatest film ever made in the critics' poll (tied with Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai) and 13th in the directors' poll. In 2017, The Daily Telegraph called Persona one of "the most pretentious movies of all time" and a "wholly subjective" exercise. The film has an 89% approval rating at Rotten Tomatoes, based on 46 reviews.
Persona won the Best Film award at the 4th Guldbagge Awards. It was Bergman's first work to win the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Film; his 1973 Scenes from a Marriage was his only other film so honoured. Although it was the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 39th Academy Awards, the film was not accepted by the academy.
Some of Bergman's later films, such as Shame (1968) and The Passion of Anna (1969), have similar themes of the "artist as fugitive", guilt and self-hatred. Robert Altman's 1972 psychological horror film Images is influenced by Persona. Altman's 1977 film 3 Women takes cues from Bergman as Shelley Duvall and Sissy Spacek's characters (Millie and Pinky) shift roles and identities. A spoof of Persona appeared on the Canadian television program SCTV during the late 1970s. Woody Allen's films Love and Death (1975) and Stardust Memories (1980) contain brief references to the film. Jean-Luc Godard included a parody of Andersson's orgy monologue in his 1967 film Weekend, in a scene where Mireille Darc describes a threesome with a lover and his girlfriend involving eggs and a bowl of milk.David Lynch's 2001 film Mulholland Drive deals with similar themes of identity and has two female characters whose identities appear to merge. With its thematic similarities, the film's "mysterious dreamlike quality" is evidence of Bergman's (and particularly Persona's) influence. David Fincher's Fight Club refers to Persona's subliminal erect penis. Parallels to "two (usually isolated) women in an intense relationship slowly blending and morphing into one another" may be seen in the competing ballerinas in Darren Aronofsky's Black Swan (2010) and the sisters in Lars von Trier's Melancholia (2011). In 2016, The Independent reported on a video essay about Persona's influence that compared shots in Don't Look Now (1973), Apocalypse Now (1979) and The Silence of the Lambs (1991); some shots predated Persona, and appear in Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo (1958) and Psycho (1960).After Bergman's death in 2007, his residence and the Persona filming location at Hammars on Fårö was assessed at 35 million kr and sold. A stage adaptation, Hugo Hansén's Persona, played in Stockholm in 2011 and starred Sofia Ledarp and Frida Westerdah. Another adaptation, Deformerad Persona by Mattias Andersson and his sister, Ylva Andersson, addressed multiple sclerosis and premiered at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 2016. Director Stig Björkman and Ullmmann collaborated on a 2009 documentary, Scener från ett konstnärskap, with recordings of Bergman during the production of Persona.
Cao Yu (fl. 211–265), courtesy name Pengzu, was a prince of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China. He was a son of Cao Cao, a warlord who rose to power towards the end of the Han dynasty and laid the foundation of Wei. Cao Yu's son, Cao Huan, was the fifth and last emperor of Wei.
Cao Yu was a son of Cao Cao and his concubine Lady Huan (環夫人). He had two brothers who were also born to Lady Huan – Cao Chong and Cao Ju (曹據). He was enfeoffed as a Marquis of a Chief District (都鄉侯) in 211 during the reign of Emperor Xian in the Eastern Han dynasty, and was promoted to a county marquis under the title "Marquis of Luyang" (魯陽侯) in 217.In 221, a year after Cao Yu's elder half-brother, Cao Pi, ended the Han dynasty and established the state of Cao Wei, Cao Yu became a duke, and was enfeoffed as the Prince of Xiapi (下邳王) in the following year. In 224, his princedom was changed from Xiapi (下邳; present-day Pizhou, Jiangsu) to Shanfu County (單父縣; present-day Shan County, Shandong).In 232, during the reign of Cao Rui (Cao Pi's son and successor), Cao Yu's title was changed to "Prince of Yan" (燕王). Cao Rui had been very close to Cao Yu in his childhood and he favoured the latter, so he treated Cao Yu exceptionally after ascending the throne in 226 upon his father's death. In 235, Cao Yu was summoned to serve in the Wei imperial court. He returned to Ye (鄴; in present-day Handan, Hebei) in 237, but was summoned back to the Wei capital Luoyang in the summer of 238. Cao Rui became seriously ill in the winter of 238–239 and he appointed Cao Yu as General-in-Chief (大將軍) in the hope that Cao Yu would assist his successor in governing the state. After serving as General-in-Chief for a few days, Cao Yu had the intention of resigning. At the same time, Cao Rui had also changed his mind so he relieved Cao Yu of his duty. Cao Yu returned to Ye in the summer of 239 after Cao Rui's death.In 260, after the fourth Wei ruler Cao Mao was killed in a failed coup against the regent Sima Zhao, Cao Yu's son Cao Huan, the Duke of Changdao District (常道鄉公), was chosen to be the new emperor and he ascended the throne shortly after Cao Mao's death. Cao Yu remained as the Prince of Yan when his son was a nominal emperor under Sima Zhao's control. The number of taxable households in his princedom increased throughout the reigns of Cao Rui, Cao Fang, Cao Mao and Cao Huan until it reached 5,500. On 4 February 266, Sima Zhao's son Sima Yan forced Cao Huan to abdicate the throne in his favour, ending the state of Cao Wei and establishing the Jin dynasty. Sima Yan became the emperor and he granted Cao Huan the title "Prince of Chenliu" (陳留王). Cao Yu's status was reduced from that of a prince to a duke, so he became known as the "Duke of Yan" (燕公).
Peter Salem (October 1, 1750–August 16, 1816) was an African American from Massachusetts who served as a soldier in the American Revolutionary War. Born into slavery in Framingham, Massachusetts, he was freed by a later master, Major Lawson Buckminster, to serve in the local militia. He then enlisted in the Continental Army, serving for nearly five years during the war. Afterwards, he married and worked as a cane weaver. A monument was erected to him in the late 19th century at his grave in Framingham, Massachusetts.
Peter Salem was born on October 1, 1750 to a slave mother in Framingham, Massachusetts. His master was Jeremiah Belknap, who later sold him to Major Lawson Buckminster. When Buckminster became a major in the Continental Army, he gave Salem his freedom in 1775 so he could enlist in the patriot militia in what soon became the American Revolution.Salem's last name may have been given to him by his original owner Belknap, who may have chosen the name after Salem, Massachusetts, where he once lived. It has also been suggested that Salem chose his last name after being freed, and that it may be a form of Saleem, an Arabic word for peace. This has led some historians to suggest that Salem may have been Muslim, although there is no direct documentation of his religious views.
Salem took part in the war's first battles at Concord on April 19, 1775. He is on the roll of Captain Simon Edgell's militia company from Framingham as having served four days from April 19, 1775. On April 24, he enlisted in Captain Drury's company of Colonel John Nixon's 6th Massachusetts Regiment.
Salem, another hero of this event, fought with his company in the Battle of Bunker Hill. According to Samuel Swett, who chronicled the battle, Salem had mortally wounded British Marine Major John Pitcairn who died from a musket shot. This has been disputed. About a dozen other free African Americans took part in the battle, including Phillip Abbot of Andover Mass [Killed],Barzillai Lew, Salem Poor, Titus Coburn, Alexander Ames, Cato Howe, and Seymour Burr.
Salem reenlisted for another year in the 4th Continental Regiment on January 1, 1776. When that enlistment expired, he signed up for three years in the 6th Massachusetts Regiment of Colonel Thomas Nixon, a brother of Colonel John Nixon. He was honorably discharged on December 31, 1779, having served a total of four years and eight months. Salem apparently extended his enlistment for two months and served with Captain Claye's Company of Colonel Nixon's Regiment from January 1st to March 1st, 1780.Salem fought at the battles of Saratoga and Stony Point.
Salem spent the rest of his life living peacefully. He married Katy Benson in Salem, Massachusetts in September 1783, and he later built a cabin near Leicester, where he worked as a cane weaver.Peter Salem died on August 16, 1816, aged 66. He was buried in the Old Burying Ground in Framingham, and the town spent $150 to erect a monument in his memory in 1882.
At one time Salem was thought to have been depicted in John Trumbull's painting The Death of General Warren at the Battle of Bunker's Hill, June 17, 1775. Modern authorities differ. David Barton identifies Salem standing to Thomas Grosvenor's right.
Professor David Brion Davis, citing evidence from Professor Sidney Kaplan, states that the African American to Thomas Grosvenor's right "was Peter Salem".
Peter Salem is one of the supporting characters in the 2015 television miniseries Sons of Liberty. He is played by British actor Jimmy Akingbola.
Aaron Liffchak (born 18 June 1985), London is a rugby union footballer who previously played at prop for Saracens, London Welsh and London Scottish. He also represented England Students and played for England at Under 18 and Under 16 levels.
Liffchak was born on 18 June 1985 and attended Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School for Boys, Barnet playing both for the school and for several representative sides including England at both under 18 and under 16 level. He then combined participation in the Saracens academy system with studying at the University of Hertfordshire, who he represented while playing for England Students.
Liffchak joined the Saracens Academy system directly from school and having developed through the Saracens Academy system, he began to take part in the main squad in the 2004–05 season, taking part in Saracens 'A' team sides.The following season saw Liffchak make his first team debut against London Irish on 9 October 2005, one of four first team outings.The 2006–07 season saw Liffchak make his Guinness Premiership debut amongst six first team appearances in all competitions.The 2007–08 season has seen Liffchak making further first team appearances.
Liffchak joined London Welsh on loan in November 2007 and signed a contract with them to the end of the 2008/09 season.
Liffchak joined London Scottish in July 2011 and signed a contract with them to the end of the 2012/13 season.
As of November 2018, Liffchak was working as Assistant Director of Sport and Director of Rugby at Mill Hill School.
The station was opened on 1 July 1866 and is located on the Breda–Eindhoven railway, the Venlo–Eindhoven railway and the Eindhoven–Weert railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
The station is 900m east of the Philips Stadion, which is served by Eindhoven Stadion railway station in the event of football matches or other special events at the stadium.
Eindhoven is a major interchange station for train services in the southern Netherlands. The station is served by the following service(s):
2x per hour Intercity services (Schagen -) Alkmaar - Amsterdam - Utrecht - Eindhoven - Sittard - Maastricht
Eindhoven railway station is served by the following city bus lines (there are also 30 regional bus lines):

Jesse Royal Carmichael (born April 2, 1979) is an American musician and songwriter. He plays the keyboards and rhythm guitar for the pop rock band Maroon 5. Carmichael also has a solo project called 1863.
Carmichael was born in Boulder, Colorado, United States. His father, Bob Carmichael, is a photographer, who also takes pictures during Maroon 5's tours. Jesse has a younger sister, Annie. He first started playing the guitar in junior high, rather than the keyboards (for which he is known in the band Maroon 5). Some time later, Carmichael, along with Adam Levine, Mickey Madden and Ryan Dusick, started a band called Kara's Flowers and signed a recording contract with Reprise Records. In 1997, they released their debut (and only) album, The Fourth World. The album found little success and, after the demise of the group, Carmichael and Levine attended Five Towns College. While in college, Carmichael began to play the keyboards. However, two years later, Levine and Carmichael dropped out and headed back to California.All of the Kara's Flowers members eventually met up and formed Maroon 5, with the addition of guitarist, James Valentine.
On March 9, 2012, Carmichael was announced to take a break from playing in Maroon 5, for an undetermined amount of time to focus more on his studies of "music and the healing arts" (spiritual healing). However, two years later (in 2014), he returned to the band in time to record for their fifth studio album, entitled V.
Carmichael’s dad, Bob Carmichael is a professional photographer. He joined several tours of Maroon 5 for photography.
Penguins on the Moon is Sack Trick's second album which was produced, recorded and mixed by Alex Dickson.  The album tells the tale of four lovable Penguin characters - The Captain, Alfredo and twins, Bob and Burt.  Admirably performed by a variety of musicians with the main characters voiced by Chris Dale, Alex Dickson, Chris Nubile (Master Blaster/ Nubiles), Doogie White (Midnight Blue/Rainbow/Yngwie Malmsteen) with cameo's from Vision (Machine) and David Ryder-Prangley (Rachel Stamp).  Dickson's production work is commendable and on tracks such as "The Landing", "Aliens" - with the vocals virtually performed by Dickson alone and "The Captain's Doubt" he demonstrates an intelligent use of technology and instrumentation.  There is plenty of scope for pure, unadulterated rock however.  "Penguins on the moon", "All I Want Is Fish" and "Cheesy" reveal, aside from culinary interests,  a superior musical talent on show.  These songs are well written and very well performed with some very commendable sections that delight you sonically.  "Antarctica", "A Lesson from History" and "Burts tale" are used to glue the story together, and on occasions to challenge Darwin himself for a, scarily plausible reason for the Penguin's bizarre choice of habitat.  "Rainbow Trout" and "Microwave Sweetheart" reveal a more punky flavour and "We're on our way back" is a suitably anthemic album closer.
The album also contains a brief journey into the slightly twisted, but very rock, world of messers Dale and Dickson with a montage of outtakes, demos and on the Swedish Release "Black Version" Dale's signature tune "I Play Bass".  The English "Blue Version" is no less silly with appearances from Bruce Dickinson, Dickson's niece and a hilarious conversation about dinner arrangements.
"This is shouty crackers...Sack Trick can dazzle you and mention Cheese-on-Toast in one fell pop swoop" - Metal Hammer
Brunstane Castle  (alternatively Brunston, Brunstain or Brunstone Castle) is a ruined L-plan tower house, dating from the 16th century, around 2 miles (3.2 km) south-west of Penicuik, on the north bank of the North Esk, in Midlothian, Scotland.It is not to be confused with Brunstane House, Edinburgh.
The castle was originally a property of the Crichtons.  The protestant reformer George Wishart was arrested from the tower and taken to St Andrews, where he was martyred.  He had been under the care of Alexander Crichton of Brunstane.  The castle was burned in 1547, allegedly by Lord Gray.In 1632 John, Lord Maitland, acquired the property, which he extended.
The castle, which has two storeys and a garret, has a square stair tower, in the re-entrant angle.   The stair tower has a corbelled-out caphouse.  Under the windows there are gun-loops.  There is a large fireplace in the kitchen, which is in the basement.  The Hall was on the first floor.  Over the doorway is an armorial panel. There are still remains of the courtyard, with a square tower dated 1568.  The courtyard has a round-arched postern in the east wall.The building is a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
DeWayne Christopher Burns (born June 22, 1972) is a property investment manager and rancher from Cleburne, Texas, who is a member of the Texas House of Representatives for District 58 in Johnson and Bosque counties located in the Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington Metropolitan Statistical Area.
He was elected without opposition to a third legislative term in the general election held on November 6, 2018.
Reared on a small farm in southwestern Johnson County near the Brazos River and the Bosque County line, Burns attended public schools in Cleburne and graduated in 1990 from Cleburne High School. Though he initially attended Texas A&M University in College Station, he transferred to Tarleton State University in Stephenville, from which he graduated in 1994. While at Tarleton State DeWayne played on the mens golf team.Burns  and his wife, the former Jennifer D. Ormsby, wed in 1995. They have three children. They are members of the First Baptist Church of Cleburne.
After college, Burns worked for the Texas Grain and Feed Association until he was hired as a legislative analyst by Republican since former State Representatives Arlene Wohlgemuth of Burleson and Gary Walker of Plains during the 74th legislative session in 1995.Rick Perry, then the elected Texas Agriculture Commissioner, added Burns to his staff. He was promoted to the position of coordinator for special issues in the department's Intergovernmental Affairs Division. Burns was a department inspector with duties over crop and seed certification, weights and measures compliance, and enforcement of pest and plant quarantine laws. These duties encompassed a ten-county jurisdiction, including Johnson and Bosque counties.Prior to joining the legislature, Burns was vice president of the trustees of the Cleburne Independent School District. His family cattle ranch, which he still maintains in addition to his investment business, is located southwest of Cleburne. He is a former president of the Farm Bureau of Johnson County, a fire commissioner, and a member of the Johnson County Economic Development Commission.In the March 4, 2014 primary election to select a nominee to succeed State Representative Rob Orr, who retired after ten years in the position, Philip Richard Eby (born 1984) of Clifton led a four-candidate field with 5,442 votes (40.1 percent). Burns finished in second place with 4,117 (30.3 percent). Two other candidates, Henry Walter Teich of 
Cresson, and Curtis Lyndon Laird (born 1959) of Cleburne, held the remaining but critical 29.6 percent of the ballots cast. With Orr's endorsement, Burns then defeated Eby in the May 27 runoff election, 5,142 (53.4 percent) to 4,485 (46.6 percent). In the general election on November 4, 2014, Burns prevailed in the heavily Republican district over the Democrat Greg Allen Kauffman (born 1954) of Crowley, 26,866 (80.4 percent) to 6,532 (19.5 percent).
Stephanie Barber is an American artist working in a variety of media. Most widely recognized as an experimental filmmaker, video artist and writer whose films include the 2013 feature DAREDEVILS, catalog, dogs, total power:dead dead dead, shipfilm "dwarfs the sea" "the inversion, transcription, evening track and attractor", "flower, the boy, the librarian", "BUST CHANCE", "the visit and the play" among others. 
Born in Riverhead, New York, Ms. Barber currently resides in Baltimore, Maryland.  She is the granddaughter of iconic American tuba player Bill Barber. She is currently a Resident Artist in the multidisciplinary MFA program the Mt. Royal School of Interdisciplinary Art at MICA in Baltimore, MD.
ArtForum wrote "THOUGH EXTREMELY VARIED, the films of Stephanie Barber engage universal themes—time, death, memory, forgetting, frustration." and CinemaScope Magazine wrote "Perhaps the only rule of Stephanie Barber’s otherwise unruly art is that words not be taken for granted."Her film and video work is most notable for her use of language and the deconstructive elements of her strangely narrative and poetic soundtracks and the tensions these create when coupled with her mysterious images (often constructed from found films or still images).Ms. Barber has had solo exhibitions of her film work at The Museum of Modern Art, The National Gallery of Art, The San Francisco Cinematheque, Anthology Film Archives and other museums, galleries and universities. Some of her films are distributed by Canyon Cinema and videos are distributed by Video Data Bank.
Her lecture FOR A LAWN POEM is published by Publishing Genius and her chapbook poems by s.barber is available through Bronze Skull Press, which is run by the poet Roberto Harrison. Her book these here separated to see how they standing alone or the soundtrack to six films by stephanie barber was published by Publishing Genius Press in 2008 and reprinted in 2010. In 2013, Publishing Genius published her Night Moves, a book edited from comments on the YouTube video for Bob Seger's Night Moves.
She has acted in David Robbins' The Ice Cream Social, Zero TVs Milwaukee Show, the feature film Hamlet A.D.D., and Jennifer Montgomery's Threads of Belonging.  She was also a member of the influential Milwaukee music/performance group XKS.
http://www.thefastertimes.com/writersonwriting/2011/07/13/almost-everyone-is-ready-stephanie-barber/
Arthur Gomes Lourenço (born 3 July 1998), known as Arthur, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos as a forward.
Arthur was born in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais, and joined Santos' youth setup in November 2012, after representing São Paulo, Uberlândia and Poliesportivo. In January 2015, he signed a two-year professional deal with the former.In September 2016, after Gabriel's departure to Internazionale, Arthur was called up to train with the main squad by manager Dorival Júnior. He was first included in a matchday squad on 19 October, for a Copa do Brasil match against Internacional, but remained an unused substitute in the 0–2 away loss and subsequent elimination.On 6 November 2016 Arthur made his first team – and Série A – debut, coming on as a late substitute for Jean Mota in a 2–1 away win against Ponte Preta. The following 4 January, after featuring in one further match with the main squad, he renewed his contract until December 2021.Arthur scored his first professional goal on 3 February 2017, netting his team's fourth in a 6–2 Campeonato Paulista home routing of Linense. After only appearing rarely with Dorival and Levir Culpi, he was made a starter by interim manager Elano, and scored his first goal in the top tier on 4 November by netting the first in a 3–1 home win against Atlético Mineiro.Arthur made his Copa Libertadores debut on 1 March 2018, replacing Jean Mota in a 2–0 away loss against Real Garcilaso.
The 1994 Winter Paralympics were held in Lillehammer, Norway. Australia sent six male skiers, who won three gold, two silver and four bronze medals. Australia, at the time, achieved their best ever performance at a Winter Paralympics, finishing 5th overall in the alpine skiing competition, 9th in the medal standings, and 11th in the total medal count out of 31 nations.
Despite the previous Winter Olympics being held in 1992, a 1986 decision made by the International Organising Committee (IOC) was implemented, denoting that the Summer and Winter Olympic Games be held on alternating 4 year cycles, occurring on even years. Thus, the 1994 games were held a mere 2 years after the previous Winter Olympics of Albertville (France) in 1992. The Games were held from Thursday March 10, to Saturday March 19, and consisted of 133 events across 5 sports. 31 Nations participated, with a total of 471 participating athletes. The 1994 Winter Paralympics were also the first Games organized by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC).
The logo for the 1994 Winter Paralympics featured a white sun figure on a blue background, depicting the sun people. It aimed to evoke feelings of power, vitality, strength, and energy, seen as characteristics of disabled athletes. This was the final time the five multicolored 'tae-guks', located at the base of the illustration, were used in connection with the Paralympic Games.
A competition was conducted for the creation of the mascot for the 1994 Winter Paralympics, with Tor Lindrupsen winning with his drawing of 'Sondre'. The mascot for the Games, 'Sondre', is a friendly teenage troll boy who is 'charming, good-natured, elegant, and poised', and has his left leg amputated above the knee. The name of the mascot was decided via a competition, and is named after the great skiing pioneer, Sondre Nordheim.
Given the shorter than usual hiatus of two years between Paralympic Games, the Australian Winter Paralympic team began a two-year intensive squad development and training program. To accompany this program, high-profile coach Steve Graham was appointed as coach of the winter Paralympic team. Six separate camps were conducted in Australia between October 1992 and October 1993, followed by the selection of the Winter Paralympic team in November 1993. The team's training concluded with 4 weeks training and racing in Tamsweg, Austria, followed by one week of training at Hafjell, Norway - the location of the Alpine Skiing events during the Games. Tamsweg was chosen as a training site due to its similarity in conditions to Hafjell, Norway.
Michael Norton was born in 1964, and grew up on a dairy farm in Leongatha. In February 1984, whilst riding his motorbike home from work, Michael hit a rock and came off his bike, leaving him paralysed. He established and coached at a ski school in Mount Buller for disabled people, and frequently made television appearances in a bid to raise the profile of disability sport in Australia.
After his paralysis, Michael began wheelchair racing, and won the Australian wheelchair racing championship in Adelaide during February 1986. He learnt to ski in 1987, after being taught by George Macpherson, a founder of sit skiing Australia. In 1988 He was invited to Canada by ski coach Dean Sheppard, in a bid to develop a career in ski racing. Michael competed at the 1990 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships in Colorado, as well as competing in the 1992 Tignes-Albertville Winter Paralympics. He won a bronze medal in the Men's Slalom LW11 event at the 1992 Winter Paralympics.
Leading up to the 1994 Lillehammer Winter Paralympics, Michael had a crash during training that left him unconscious. Despite this, he would go on to win a gold in the Men's Slalom LWXI and the Men's Super-G LWXI. Michael's LWXI disability classification was seen as - sitting: paraplegia with fair functional sitting balance.
Michael Milton was born in Canberra, in 1973. He started skiing at the age of 3, only to have his left leg amputated above the knee when he was 9 years old, due to cancer. His home ski resort is located at Thredbo, New South Wales. Michael also competed in the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Paralympics, where he won four gold medals. He is the current Australian record holder for the fastest downhill skier (open record), posting a speed of 213.65 km/h. He also went on to compete at the 2006 Winter Paralympics. Deciding to change career paths, Michael took up cycling, and went on to win a gold medal in the 3000m Individual Pursuit at the Australian Track Cycling championship, breaking the Australian record. He was inducted into the Australian Institute of Sport 'Best of the Best' in 2001, and in 2014 was the assistant alpine skiing coach of the Australian Winter Paralympic team at the Sochi Games.
Michael made his first Paralympic debut at the 1988 Innsbruck Winter Paralympics, but took home no medals. He proceeded to compete at the 1992 Tignes-Albertville Winter Paralympics, where he won a gold medal in the men's Slalom LW2 event, and a silver medal in the Men's Super-G LW2 event, for which he was awarded a medal of the Order of Australia. In 1992, he also won the slalom in the Australian Championships, and won the slalom and super giant slalom at the Columbia Crest Cup in 1993.
At the 1994 Winter Paralympics, Michael made his best performance to date when he won a gold medal in the Men's Giant slalom LW2 event, a silver medal in the Men's slalom LW2 event, and bronze medals in the Men's Super-G LW2 and Downhill LW2 events. Michael's LW2 disability classification is seen as 'standing: single leg amputation above the knee'. He won a total of 4 medals at the Games, giving him a total of 6 Winter Paralympic medals at the time.
James Patterson was born in Terrigal, New South Wales, and was diagnosed with cerebral palsy. He worked as a marine mechanic for Halvorsen Boats, who supported his overseas preparation in the lead-up to the 1994 Games. Along with competing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, he also competed at the 1996 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships, where he won a silver medal and two bronze medals. Two years later, he represented Australia again at the 1998 Winter Paralympics where he was team captain and competed in four events, winning a gold medal in the Men's Downhill LW9, and a bronze medal in the Men's Slalom LW9. He also went on to win a silver medal at the 2000 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships in the Men's Giant Slalom LW9.
James made his Winter Paralympic debut at the 1994 Winter Paralympic Games, where he competed in all alpine skiing events, in the LW9 disability classification. He walked away with a silver medal in the Men's Downhill LW9, and a bronze medal in the Men's Giant Slalom LW9. James' disability classification of LW9, is seen as 'standing: amputation or equivalent impairment of one arm and one leg'.
Chef de Mission - Nick Dean Manager - Ron FinneranCoaches - Steve Graham, Dean Sheppard Media - Paul Griffiths Support staff - Alan Dean, Eddie Jesiolowski, David Howells, Fiona Barnsdall
Downhill skiing is a discipline of alpine skiing that prioritizes speed over turning or technique. A typical Downhill course starts near the top of a mountain, and has gates that are farther apart than other alpine skiing disciplines, and includes challenging turns, shallow dips, flats, and small airs. Speeds of up to 130 km/h are common in international competition.
Slalom is an alpine skiing discipline that involves skiing between poles or gates, that are typically spaced closer together than Giant slalom or Downhill disciplines. Higher speeds are sacrificed for the need for tighter and sharper turns.
The Giant slalom involves skiing between sets of poles or gates, spaced farther apart than the slalom, but less than that those in the Super-G. A typical course must have a total vertical drop of 250m to 450m, and speeds of up to 40 km/h are common in international competition.
Super-G (or Super-Giant slalom) is a downhill skiing discipline that also involves skiing between gates or poles. Gates are further apart in the Super-G than in the giant slalom or slalom, and speeds are therefore typically faster. In a typical Super-G course, gates are set so the skiers must turn more than in downhill (the other speed discipline).
Alpine skiing at the games consisted of four events for both men and women, with each event containing 12 different disability classifications.
LW 3 - standing: double leg amputation below the knee, mild cerebral palsy, or equivalent impairment
LWX - sitting: paraplegia with no or some upper abdominal function and no functional sitting balance
LWXII - sitting: double leg amputation above the knees, or paraplegia with some leg function and good sitting balance
Australia finished in 9th (out of 31 nations) with 3 gold medals, 2 silver medals, and 4 bronze medals, for a total of 9 medals. This was a stark improvement from 2 years prior at the Albertville Paralympics, where they won 1 gold medal, 1 silver medal, and 2 bronze medals. This is Australia's second best medal position to date, surpassed only by the 2002 Salt Lake City Team who placed 8th with 6 gold medals. The 1994 Winter Paralympics was also the most medals amassed by an Australian Winter Paralympic team, contributing to almost a third of Australia's total Winter Paralympic medals (30).
To sort this table by nation, total medal count, or any other column, click on the  icon next to the column title.
In baseball, a fair ball is a batted ball that entitles the batter to attempt to reach first base. By contrast, a foul ball is a batted ball that does not entitle the batter to attempt to reach first base. Whether a batted ball is fair or foul is determined by the location of the ball at the appropriate reference point, as follows:
if the ball leaves the playing field without touching anything, the point where the ball leaves the field;
else, if the ball first lands past first or third base without touching anything, the point where the ball lands;
else, if the ball rolls or bounces past first or third base without touching anything other than the ground, the point where the ball passes the base;
else, if the ball touches anything other than the ground (such as an umpire, a player, or any equipment left on the field) before any of the above happens, the point of such touching;
else (the ball comes to a rest before reaching first or third base), the point where the ball comes to a rest.If the ball is on or above fair territory at the appropriate reference point, it is fair; else it is foul. Fair territory or fair ground is defined as the area of the playing field between the two foul lines, and includes the foul lines themselves and the foul poles. However, certain exceptions exist:
Under Rule 5.09(a)(7)-(8), if a batted ball touches the batter or his bat while the batter is in the batter's box and not intentionally interfering with the course of the ball, the ball is foul.
Ground rules may provide whether a ball hitting specific objects (e.g. roof, overhead speaker) is fair or foul.On a fair ball, the batter attempts to reach first base or any subsequent base, runners attempt to advance and fielders try to record outs. A fair ball is considered a live ball until the ball becomes dead by leaving the field or any other method.
Graham Colton (born November 6, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. His most recent album, Lonely Ones, was released on January 21, 2014.  Colton's songs have been featured on numerous TV shows including American Idol, Pretty Little Liars, Kyle XY, Oprah's Big Give, Newport Harbor, Castle, Wildfire, October Road Fall promo, HBO Winter promo, Sundance promo, and many others.
In the fall of 2011, he developed the "Go Natural" tour partnering with CNGnow.com and became their first featured artist.  He traveled the country in an energy-efficient Natural Gas powered vehicle while logging the money saved & calculating his eco footprint via social media. He has recently been collaborating with Flaming Lips frontman Wayne Coyne.
Colton graduated from Heritage Hall School, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. While there, he was the quarterback of the football team. Together with his childhood friend and teammate Wes Welker, former wide receiver and current Offensive Assistant for the Houston Texans, Colton led his team to a class 2A state championship in 1998 against the Tishomingo Indians.  In the process, Colton and Welker set multiple state passing and receiving records, respectively.
After leaving his hometown of Oklahoma City to attend Southern Methodist University, Colton began writing and performing songs in Dallas pubs and coffee houses. During this time, Colton perceived an appreciable demand for his music.  Colton began recording songs for a growing local fan base; his self-titled demo, Graham Colton, became a local favorite and a top seller on the popular music website Awarestore.com.Soon after, Colton formed the Graham Colton Band alongside Brian 'Turtle' Turton, Jordan Elder, Drew Nichols, & Ryan Tallent. The band's first trip outside of Texas included a tour stop at DC Sessions in Washington, DC. There, the band struck up a friendship with New Orleans band Better Than Ezra and frontman Kevin Griffin. They would perform with Better than Ezra off and on for the next 2 years and begin collaborating with Griffin on several songs.
Adam Duritz invited Colton to perform as a supporting act for the Counting Crows in their 2002 fall tour.  Colton was invited for another tour in 2004.The Graham Colton Band signed a record deal with Universal Records.  The group started recording sessions with producer Brendan O'Brien at the Southern Tracks studio in Atlanta, GA.  
The resulting album Drive was released in May 2004.  To support the album, performance dates were arranged with various high-profile acts, including John Mayer, O.A.R., Maroon 5 and the Dave Matthews Band. Guitarist Aben Eubanks served as an unofficial member of the band.
After spending the majority of 2005 on the road with Kelly Clarkson, who he also dated, Colton began writing songs for what would become his solo follow up, Here Right Now, which was released in late October 2007.  The album debuted at #2 on the Billboard New Artist/Heatseeker chart, and #4 Pop Album/#11 Top Album charts on iTunes.Upon release of the album, Graham returned to the road for a series of solo performances with Vanessa Carlton.On March 10, 2008, Graham mentioned that a full tour would be announced in early 2008 for this album. He also performed to promote the album on the Today Show, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, and the Late Show with David Letterman.The lead track, "Best Days", was chosen as single of the week at iTunes and subsequently, Graham was named by its editors as a 'Top New Pop Artist' of '07.  In addition, the track landed coverage in Billboard magazine with a 'Singles Review' and was the subject of their 'Breaking and Entering' feature.The music video for the song was directed by highly acclaimed director Nigel Dick, and made its TRL debut on MTV shortly after it was filmed. MTV proceeded to use four songs from the album as part of their 'Featured Artist Program' for the hit show, Newport Harbor.That year, Colton performed at a number of concerts and radio events alongside Vanessa Carlton, Colbie Caillat, John Mellencamp, as well as a U.S headlining tour.
Colton officially parted ways with Universal/Republic records in 2008 and quickly began writing songs for what would later become the Twenty Something EP. As a newly independent artist, Colton enlisted touring bandmates Chad Copelin & Jarod Evans to produce the EP at Blackwatch Studios in Norman, Oklahoma. Colton played several solo acoustic shows in support of the EP including a month of tour dates with longtime pals NEEDTOBREATHE.
Colton began recording songs with producer Tommy Walter in 2010 that would later become Pacific Coast Eyes. Officially released in April 2011, the album would be Colton's first official full length independent release. The album was highly praised and reached the top of the iTunes singer songwriter chart. Colton enlisted David Green and Jon Cooper to direct/produce the music video for "Pacific Coast Eyes". It was filmed in three days in Los Angeles. Colton would again embark on a US headlining tour as well as open for artists including Sheryl Crow, Toad the Wet Sprocket, Colin Hay, Mat Kearney, and Ben Rector. After writing a handful of new songs he chose to re-release the album in October 2011 as Pacific Coast Eyes Volume 2 adding three new songs and three bonus tracks.
Colton collaborated with Lindsey Ray in the summer of 2011 under the name Sooner the Sunset and recorded a handful of songs for a self-titled EP released October 2, 2012. The band's first single "All Because of You" was released on iTunes in March 2012.
Colton's latest album Lonely Ones, produced by Chad Copelin and Jarod Evans at Blackwatch Studios, was released on January 21, 2014. Lonely Ones was inspired by Colton's collaborations with Wayne Coyne of The Flaming Lips and features Steven Drozd of The Flaming Lips on guitar."Born To Raise Hell", the first music video from Lonely Ones, premiered on PopMatters on November 7, 2013. The song was inspired by a story told by Colton's co-producer Chad Copelin about his father picking up a hitchhiker in the 70s who turned out to be serial killer Richard Speck.Colton released a series of live in-studio performances from the album called "The Lonely Sessions." In conjunction with the Lonely Ones Tour with Seattle indie band Cumulus, Colton released the Lonely Ones Tour EP on Noisetrade featuring two collaborations with The Flaming Lips frontman Wayne Coyne: "Don't Take My Sunshine Away," made popular by the band Sparklehorse, and an alternate version of "Another Night."
Graham made his national television debut on NBC's The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on Friday, February 2, 2008, with a full band performance of "Best Days" which included a three-piece string section.  Shortly thereafter, he travelled to New York to perform on CBS' Late Show with David Letterman on March 13 and NBC's Today Show on the 14th, again with full band and strings.  The next week, he performed on CBS' The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on March 19, with a stripped down acoustic performance with strings. The week after, he travelled back to New York for a solo acoustic performance on Live with Regis and Kelly on the 27th, making that the third consecutive week with a national television performance.  On April 9, Graham returned to Los Angeles to perform on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
The Chutak Hydroelectric Plant is a run-of-the-river power project on the Suru River (a tributary of Indus) in Kargil district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir (224 km (139 mi) from the state's summer capital Srinagar). The barrage of the project is at Sarze village and the powerhouse is located on the right bank of the Suru near Chutak Village. The project construction began on  23 September 2006, and the first three generators were commissioned in November 2012. The fourth was commissioned in January 2013.The project includes construction of a 47.5-metre-long (156 ft) barrage, having 15 m height above the crest level, an underground powerhouse, and 3.3 m dia and 10.02 km long head race tunnel and installation of four nos. of vertical Francis turbine of 11 MW each.
The project envisages utilizing a gross head of 63.4 m (208 ft) to generate 216.41 GWh in a 90% dependable year with an installed capacity of 44 MW. Each 11 MW underground generating unit will operate under a rated head of 52 m and a rated discharge of 24.05 cubic metres per second.  The barrage diverts water from the river and involves a flooding of only 0.135 km2 (0.052 sq mi). Thus the power density is 44 MW per 0.135 km2, i.e. very high 326 W/m2, compared to dam-based hydroelectric projects. The project will be connected to the Northern Grid by the 220 kV Leh-Srinagar transmission line, which is to be scheduled for commissioning along with project’s commissioning.The project is being developed by M/s National Hydroelectric Power Corporation Ltd. The generating equipment is being supplied, erected and commissioned by M/s Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited. The generator/turbine was manufactured by BHEL's Bhopal unit whereas the controls were supplied by BHEL's Bangalore unit. The erection and commissioning is being done by BHEL's Power Sector Northern Region under able guidance of Narendra Kumar (GM Hydro-BHEL) and joginder singh ( expert in hydro commissioning). As of date all four generating units of this project are running successfully.
USS Idaho (BB-42), a New Mexico-class battleship, was the fourth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the 43rd state. She was the third of three ships of her class. Built by the New York Shipbuilding Corporation of Camden, New Jersey, she was launched in June 1917 and commissioned in March 1919. She was armed with a battery of twelve 14-inch (356 mm) guns in four three-gun turrets, and was protected by heavy armor plate, with her main belt armor being 13.5 inches (343 mm) thick.
Idaho spent most of the 1920s and 1930s in the Pacific Fleet, where she conducted routine training exercises. Like her sister ships, she was modernized in the early 1930s. In mid-1941, before the United States entered World War II, Idaho and her sisters were sent to join the Neutrality Patrols that protected American shipping during the Battle of the Atlantic. After Japan attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941, Idaho and her sisters were sent to the Pacific, where she supported amphibious operations in the Pacific. She shelled Japanese forces during the Gilbert and Marshall Islands and the Philippines campaigns and the invasions of Peleliu, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa.
Idaho was among the ships present in Tokyo Bay when Japan formally surrendered on 2 September 1945. With the war over, the ship was decommissioned in July 1946. She was sold to ship breakers in November 1947 and subsequently dismantled.
Idaho was 624 feet (190 m) long overall and had a beam of 97 ft 5 in (29.69 m) and a draft of 30 ft (9.1 m). She displaced 32,000 long tons (33,000 t) as designed and up to 33,000 long tons (34,000 t) at full combat load. The ship was powered by four-shaft Curtis turbines and nine oil-fired Babcock & Wilcox boilers rated at 32,000 shaft horsepower (24,000 kW), generating a top speed of 21 knots (39 km/h; 24 mph). The ship had a cruising range of 8,000 nautical miles (15,000 km; 9,200 mi) at a speed of 10 kn (19 km/h; 12 mph). Her crew numbered 1,081 officers and enlisted men. As built, she was fitted with two lattice masts with spotting tops for the main gun battery. The main armored belt was 8–13.5 in (203–343 mm) thick, while the main armored deck was up to 3.5 in (89 mm) thick. The main battery gun turrets had 18 in (457 mm) thick faces on 13 in (330 mm) barbettes. The conning tower had 16 in (406 mm) thick sides.The ship was armed with a main battery of twelve 14-inch (356 mm)/50 caliber guns in four, three-gun turrets on the centerline, placed in two superfiring pairs forward and aft of the superstructure. Unlike earlier American battleships with triple turrets, these mounts allowed each barrel to elevate independently. The secondary battery consisted of fourteen 5-inch (127 mm)/51 caliber guns mounted in individual casemates clustered in the superstructure amidships. Initially, the ship was to have been fitted with twenty-two of the guns, but experiences in the North Sea during World War I demonstrated that the additional guns, which would have been placed in the hull, would have been unusable in anything but calm seas. As a result, the casemates were plated over to prevent flooding. The secondary battery was augmented with four 3-inch (76 mm)/50 caliber guns. In addition to her gun armament, Idaho was also fitted with two 21-inch (530 mm) torpedo tubes, mounted submerged in the hull, one on each broadside.
Starting in 1921, the Navy began installing aircraft catapults on its battleships, and Idaho was among the vessels to receive a Mark II catapult. Idaho was heavily modernized in the early 1930s. Her original turbines were replaced with new geared models manufactured by Westinghouse, and she received six express boilers designed by the Bureau of Engineering. This improved her performance to a top speed of 22 knots (41 km/h; 25 mph) from 40,000 shaft horsepower (30,000 kW). Her armament was also revised, with the main battery turrets being modified to allow elevation to 30 degrees, greatly extending the range of the guns. Two of the 5-inch guns were removed, and eight 5-inch/25 caliber anti-aircraft guns were installed. She received an additional 2-inch (51 mm) armored deck, and her underwater protection was improved. Both lattice masts were removed; a heavy tower bridge was built in place of the fore mast, and a light pole mast was erected in place of the main mast. During the installation of the new bridge, she was fitted out as a flagship, which included the addition of a flag bridge for the admiral and his staff. These alterations greatly increased her displacement, to 33,420 long tons (33,960 t) standard and 36,157 long tons (36,737 t) full load. Her crew increased significantly, to 1,443.During a refit from 14 October to 28 December 1942, Idaho received a new anti-aircraft battery of ten quadruple Bofors 40 mm (1.6 in) guns and forty-three 20 mm (0.79 in) Oerlikon guns, though the Oerlikons were added in stages. By the time the refit ended, she carried only sixteen of them, with eleven more added in January 1943, the remaining sixteen being added in February. From 22 October 1944 to 1 January 1945, Idaho received another major refit, which included the installation of ten 5-inch/38 caliber guns in individual, dual-purpose mounts in place of the old 25-caliber guns. She also received new Mark 8 radars for her main battery fire control system.
Idaho was laid down on 20 January 1915 at the New York Shipbuilding Corporation in Camden, New Jersey. She was launched on 30 June 1917, and after fitting-out work ended, the new battleship was commissioned into the fleet on 24 March 1919. Shortly afterward, the ship began her shakedown cruise, departing on 13 April for Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, before returning to New York. There, the President of Brazil, Epitácio Pessoa, boarded the ship to return to Brazil. The trip began on 6 July; Idaho reached Rio de Janeiro on 17 July, where Pessoa left the ship, which continued on to the Panama Canal. She steamed to Monterey, California, where she joined the Pacific Fleet in September. The fleet then conducted a series of training exercises and held a naval review on 13 September for President Woodrow Wilson. Idaho hosted the Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels and the Secretary of the Interior John B. Payne for a tour of Alaska, which concluded on 22 July.Idaho returned to the peacetime routine of fleet exercises over the next five years; these were held off the coast of North and South America, as far south as Chile. The ship was also present for a variety of ceremonies during this period, including a Naval Review for President Warren Harding in Seattle in 1923. The Pacific Fleet was reorganized as the Battle Fleet in 1922. She took part in major exercises off Hawaii in 1925, departing California on 15 April. The exercises lasted until 1 July, after which Idaho embarked on a cruise to the southern Pacific. Stops included Samoa, Australia, and New Zealand. While returning from Hawaii to California, she carried Commander John Rodgers, who had failed in his attempt to fly a seaplane from California to Hawaii. The ship reached San Francisco on 24 September. For the next six years, Idaho was based in San Pedro, where she continued to conduct readiness training, alternating between the Pacific and the Caribbean Sea.On 7 September 1931, she departed San Pedro for the Norfolk Navy Yard, where she received a major reconstruction that began after her arrival on 30 September. The lengthy reconstruction finished on 9 October 1934, and after completing another shakedown cruise in the Caribbean, Idaho returned to San Pedro, arriving on 17 April 1935. Fleet maneuvers increased in frequency, particularly after tensions began to rise with Japan over its expansionist policies in Asia. In mid-1940, the Battle Fleet was transferred from California to Hawaii; Idaho joined the other ships on 1 July. By this time, World War II had broken out in Europe, spawning the Battle of the Atlantic. In response, President Franklin D. Roosevelt initiated the Neutrality Patrols to protect American shipping. On 7 May 1941, Admiral Harold Stark, the Chief of Naval Operations, transferred Idaho, her sisters Mississippi and New Mexico, the aircraft carrier Yorktown, four light cruisers, and two destroyer squadrons to the Atlantic to reinforce the Neutrality Patrols. Idaho left Hawaii on 6 June, bound for Hampton Roads to join the neutrality patrols. In September, she was stationed in Hvalfjörður, Iceland, and was there when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December.
With the United States now an active participant in World War II, Idaho and Mississippi left Iceland on 9 December to rejoin the Pacific Fleet. They stopped in Norfolk before steaming through the Panama Canal and continuing on to San Francisco, where they arrived on 31 January 1942. For much of the year, Idaho was occupied with combat training off the coast of California. In October, she went to the Puget Sound Navy Yard to receive replacements for her worn out main battery guns. The original secondary battery of 5-inch/51 cal. guns was removed as these guns were badly needed to arm merchant ships. Further training followed until April 1943, when on the 7th she departed for the Aleutian Islands, where Japanese troops had occupied the islands of Attu and Kiska. Idaho served as the flagship of the bombardment and patrol force. On 11 May, US Army forces went ashore on Attu, and Idaho provided gunfire support for the assault. The following month, a second attack followed on Kiska, but the Japanese had already abandoned the island in July. On 7 September, Idaho returned to San Francisco to begin preparations for the next major amphibious assault, which shifted focus to the central Pacific.Idaho moved to Pearl Harbor and then joined the invasion fleet on 10 November, which then steamed to the Gilbert Islands. They arrived off Makin Atoll on 20 November; Idaho continued her role as gunfire support for the next two weeks, shelling Japanese positions in the Gilberts as well as contributing her antiaircraft battery to defend against Japanese aerial attacks. On 5 December, she left the area for Pearl Harbor, where she prepared for the next attack, against the Marshall Islands. On 31 January 1944, Idaho and the rest of the fleet arrived off Kwajalein to begin the preparatory bombardment. She continued to batter Japanese forces until 5 February, by which time the Marines had wrested control of the small island from its Japanese garrison. Idaho replenished fuel and ammunition at Majuro before returning to shell Japanese positions on other islands in the Marshalls before steaming to Kavieng, New Ireland to conduct a diversionary bombardment on 20 March.On 25 March, Idaho arrived in the New Hebrides, before continuing on to Australia for a brief stay. She returned to Kwajalein on 8 June, where she joined a group of escort carriers for the invasion of the Mariana Islands. Idaho began the preparatory bombardment of Saipan on 14 June, with the assault taking place the following day. Idaho then shifted to Guam, where she shelled Japanese positions. During the Battle of the Philippine Sea on 19–20 June, Idaho remained with the invasion fleet and protected the troop transports and supply ships. She steamed to Eniwetok in the Marshalls to replenish her stocks of ammunition from 28 June to 9 July, before returning to Guam on 12 July. She bombarded the island for eight days before ground troops went ashore on 21 July. The ship continued to support American forces ashore until 2 August, when she returned to Eniwetok for further supplies. From there, she steamed to Espiritu Santo, where on 15 August she entered a floating dry dock for repairs.
In early September, Idaho steamed to Guadalcanal, where she took part in amphibious assault training. On 12 September, she steamed to Peleliu and joined the preparatory bombardment of the island. In the ensuing Battle of Peleliu, dug in Japanese defenders inflicted heavy casualties on the assaulting Marines, with Idaho providing artillery support until 24 September, when she withdrew for an overhaul. She steamed to Manus and then to Bremerton, Washington, arriving on 22 October. During the refit, the 5-inch /25 cal. guns were replaced by ten 5-inch /38 cal. guns in single enclosed mounts; she was the only ship of her class to receive this modification. The installation of these guns required the removal of the last of the old 5-inch /51 guns, as the new weapons required continuous ammunition hoists. After completion of the work, she conducted training off California. On 28 January 1945, Idaho departed San Diego, bound for Pearl Harbor. There, she joined the bombardment group, which proceeded to the Marianas and then on 14 February steamed north to Iwo Jima, the target of the next major amphibious assault. The ship bombarded the Japanese defenders on 19 February as the Marines went ashore; Idaho remained there for nearly a month before withdrawing on 7 March to replenish at Ulithi.On 21 March, Idaho joined the Gunfire and Covering Group under the command of Rear Admiral Morton Deyo, as the flagship of Bombardment Unit 4. She began shelling the island on 25 March, and the landings started on 1 April. The Battle of Okinawa marked the height of the kamikaze attacks by the increasingly desperate Japanese defenders. Idaho shot down five kamikazes in a massed attack on 12 April, and in return, a near miss inflicted damage to her port side anti-torpedo bulge. Temporary repairs were effected off Okinawa, and on 20 April she left for Guam, arriving on the 25th. Permanent repairs were completed quickly, allowing the ship to return to Okinawa on 22 May, where she resumed her fire support mission. She operated off Okinawa until 20 June, before departing for the Philippines. There, she conducted training operations in Leyte Gulf until Japan agreed to surrender on 15 August. Idaho was among the ships to enter Tokyo Bay on 27 August, carrying a detachment of occupation troops. She was present during the signing of the surrender documents on 2 September. The ship left Japanese waters on 6 September, bound for the east coast of the United States. She arrived in Norfolk on 16 October, and was decommissioned there on 3 July 1946. She remained in reserve for a year and a half before being sold for scrap on 24 November 1947 to Lipsett, Inc., of New York City. 
Breyer, Siegfried (1973). Battleships and Battle Cruisers 1905–1970. Doubleday and Company. ISBN 0-385-07247-3.
Friedman, Norman (2014). Naval Anti-Aircraft Guns and Gunnery. New York: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-1-4738-5308-9.
Gardiner, Robert & Chesneau, Roger, eds. (1980). Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships, 1922–1946. Annapolis: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 978-0-87021-913-9.
Gardiner, Robert & Gray, Randal, eds. (1985). Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships: 1906–1921. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 0-87021-907-3.
"Idaho IV (BB-42)". Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. Navy Department, Naval History and Heritage Command. 21 July 2015. Retrieved 5 December 2016.
Morison, Samuel E. (1947). History of United States Naval Operations in World War II: The Battle of the Atlantic, September 1939 – May 1943. Boston: Little, Brown and Company. OCLC 768913264.
Schumann, William (2008). The Big Spud: USS Idaho in WWII. Bennington: Merriam Press. ISBN 978-1-4357-5495-9.
From Dam Neck to Okinawa, First person account of Kamikazee attacks on Idaho and Tennessee by an Anti-Aircraft Director
